Title: The Coca-Cola Company Just Recorded A 13% EPS Beat: Here's What Analysts Are Forecasting Next
Date: 2026-05-02 14:50
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/coca-cola-company-just-recorded-145001792.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
It's been a good week forThe Coca-Cola Company(NYSE:KO) shareholders, because the company has just released its latest first-quarter results, and the shares gained 2.5% to US$78.58. Revenues were US$12b, approximately in line with expectations, although statutory earnings per share (EPS) performed substantially better. EPS of US$0.91 were also better than expected, beating analyst predictions by 13%. This is an important time for investors, as they can track a company's performance in its report, look at what experts are forecasting for next year, and see if there has been any change to expectations for the business. We've gathered the most recent statutory forecasts to see whether the analysts have changed their earnings models, following these results. Trump has pledged to "unleash" American oil and gas and these 15 US stocks have developments that are poised to benefit. Following last week's earnings report, Coca-Cola's 19 analysts are forecasting 2026 revenues to be US$49.0b, approximately in line with the last 12 months. Per-share earnings are expected to accumulate 3.1% to US$3.28. Yet prior to the latest earnings, the analysts had been anticipated revenues of US$48.9b and earnings per share (EPS) of US$3.22 in 2026. The consensus analysts don't seem to have seen anything in these results that would have changed their view on the business, given there's been no major change to their estimates. See our latest analysis for Coca-Cola There were no changes to revenue or earnings estimates or the price target of US$85.54, suggesting that the company has met expectations in its recent result. It could also be instructive to look at the range of analyst estimates, to evaluate how different the outlier opinions are from the mean. The most optimistic Coca-Cola analyst has a price target of US$92.00 per share, while the most pessimistic values it at US$71.38. With such a narrow range of valuations, the analysts apparently share similar views on what they think the business is worth. Of course, another way to look at these forecasts is to place them into context against theindustryitself. These estimates imply that revenue is expected to slow, with a forecast annualised decline of 0.6% by the end of 2026. This indicates a significant reduction from annual growth of 6.0% over the last five years. By contrast, our data suggests that other companies (with analyst coverage) in the same industry are forecast to see their revenue grow 4.1% annually for the foreseeable future. It's pretty clear that Coca-Cola's revenues are expected to perform substantially worse than the wider industry. The most important thing to take away is that there's been no major change in sentiment, with the analysts reconfirming that the business is performing in line with their previous earnings per share estimates. Fortunately, the analysts also reconfirmed their revenue estimates, suggesting that it's tracking in line with expectations. Although our data does suggest that Coca-Cola's revenue is expected to perform worse than the wider industry. There was no real change to the consensus price target, suggesting that the intrinsic value of the business has not undergone any major changes with the latest estimates. Keeping that in mind, we still think that the longer term trajectory of the business is much more important for investors to consider. At Simply Wall St, we have a full range of analyst estimates for Coca-Cola going out to 2028, and you cansee them free on our platform here.. Plus, you should also learn about the2 warning signswe've spotted with Coca-Cola. Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content?Get in touchwith us directly.Alternatively, email editorial-team (at) simplywallst.com.This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature.We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice.It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock, and does not take account of your objectives, or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.
