Title: Bank of America advises investors to ignore the ‘sell in May and go away’ axiom 
Date: 2026-04-29 10:15
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/bank-america-advises-investors-ignore-101500506.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
Powell holds what is expected to be his final press conference as chair after the Fed keeps rates steady
Fed holds interest rates steady with no end to Iran war in sight
Elon Musk testified again in the OpenAI trial, describing his behavior at the company and its nonprofit 'halo'
A Senate committee confirmed Kevin Warsh, sending his nomination to be chairman of the Fed to the full Senate
Stocks slipped at the open as investors awaited a Fed decision and Big Tech earnings
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
For those who believe in financial folklore, May has long been the month to exit equities.
According to popular Wall Street wisdom, it's safest for stock investors to skedaddle in the spring, enjoy some summer sun and then buy back equities around Halloween.​
But a recent Bank of America report took a fresh look at this "sell in May and go away" strategy, and analysts say it probably won't work in 2026.
Thanks to Jeff Bezos, you can now become a landlord for as little as $100 — and no, you don't have to deal with tenants or fix freezers. Here's how
Robert Kiyosaki says this 1 asset will surge 400% in a year and begs investors not to miss this ‘explosion’
Dave Ramsey warns nearly 50% of Americans are making 1 big Social Security mistake — here’s how to fix it ASAP
According to Business Insider, the Bank of America's strategists didn't see convincing evidence in 98 years of S&P 500 data that investors will miss massive downspells by selling so early (1).
If anything, people who blindly "sell in May" could miss out on extra gains.
Granted, the S&P 500's average gain was comparatively low at 2.4% between May and October, but things look a lot different when you shorten the timeframe. As Bank of America discovered, most of the pain for stockholders took place in the later months of August through October, which had an average decline of 0.2% (2).
The "sell in May" theory is even weaker in 2026 because it's the second year of President Donald Trump's term.
Looking at prior presidential cycles, the Bank of America found that the S&P 500 has a strong bullish bias during this period, with a 60% chance of positive price action in May.
Data was even more positive for the tech-heavy Nasdaq 100, which posted May gains of at least 2% in nearly 70% of similar periods (3).
With all of these findings, Bank of America suggested changing Wall Street's classic rhyme to the far less catchy, "Buy in May and sell in July/August."​
Buying and selling stock solely based on the calendar may seem silly, but some statistics support aspects of the seasonal trend theory.
Most notably, there's a lot of evidence that shows September truly is the scariest month for stock investors.​
RBC Wealth Management tracked the S&P 500's performance back to 1928 and found that there's an average September decline of roughly 1.2% (4).​
A 1% drop may not seem like the end of the world, but it's the consistency of September slumps that makes it a deservedly detested month.​
Anyone holding stocks into September has a 55% chance of ending the month in the red.
RBC also noted that only one other month — February — had an average decline for the S&P 500. However, that drop was significantly lower than September's at a paltry -0.1% (5).
Read More: This $1B private real estate fund is now accessible to non-millionaires. Start investing with just $10
​There's no denying that there are interesting correlations between seasonal patterns and stock movements.
In the real world of finance, however, these findings are too small and inconsistent to make them a reliable trading model.
Seasonality as the "be-all-end-all" explanation for market behavior is far too simplistic to be a foolproof technique.
After all, if it were so easy to "sell in May and go away," then everyone would be making money in the market.
Remember that even months with a "bad" reputation like September can be flat or even post gains, which means there's still a high degree of chance using seasonality to trade positions.
For investors, trading seasonal blips makes even less sense as they aren't likely to impact a diversified portfolio's long-term performance.
Although New York University Stern data shows the S&P 500 has plenty of green and red years, anyone who holds long enough tends to get an average annual return of 10% (6).
So, no matter the season, it's far less stressful to just stay put in long-term S&P 500 positions.
Millionaires under 43 are reshaping investing — just 25% of their portfolios are in stocks. Here’s where their money is going
Taxes are going to change for retirees under Trump’s ‘big beautiful bill’ — here are 4 reasons you can’t afford to waste time
Robert Kiyosaki issues grim warning for baby boomers: many could be ‘wiped out’ and homeless ‘all over’ the country
Dave Ramsey says this 7-step plan ‘works every single time’ to kill debt, get rich in America — and that ‘anyone’ can do it
Join 250,000+ readers and get Moneywise’s best stories and exclusive interviews first — clear insights curated and delivered weekly. Subscribe now.
We rely only on vetted sources and credible third-party reporting. For details, see our ethics and guidelines.
Business Insider (1),(2),(3); RBC Wealth Management (4),(5); New York University Stern School of Business (6)
This article originally appeared on Moneywise.com under the title: Bank of America advises investors to ignore the ‘sell in May and go away’ axiom and hold strong this year. Here's why
This article provides information only and should not be construed as advice. It is provided without warranty of any kind.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio