Title:   3 Profitable Stocks We Find Risky
Date:    2026-04-13
URL:     https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/3-profitable-stocks-risky-211601456.html?.tsrc=rss
--Article Content--
Oops, something went wrong
Not all profitable companies are built to last - some rely on outdated models or unsustainable advantages. Just because a business is in the green today doesn’t mean it will thrive tomorrow.
Not all profitable companies are created equal, and that’s why we built StockStory - to help you find the ones that truly shine bright. Keeping that in mind, here are three profitable companies to avoid and some better opportunities instead.
Trailing 12-Month GAAP Operating Margin: 16.5%
With its iconic yellow machinery working on construction sites, Caterpillar (NYSE:CAT) manufactures construction equipment like bulldozers, excavators, and parts and maintenance services.
Why Is CAT Not Exciting?
Products and services are facing end-market challenges during this cycle, as seen in its flat sales over the last two years
Gross margin of 29.2% reflects its high production costs
Falling earnings per share over the last two years has some investors worried as stock prices ultimately follow EPS over the long term
Caterpillar is trading at $792.57 per share, or 34.3x forward P/E.To fully understand why you should be careful with CAT, check out our full research report (it’s free).
Trailing 12-Month GAAP Operating Margin: 17.2%
Born from a Sears, Roebuck & Co. initiative during the Great Depression with its famous "You're in good hands" slogan, Allstate (NYSE:ALL) is one of America's largest personal property and casualty insurers, offering protection for autos, homes, and personal property.
Why Are We Wary of ALL?
Estimated sales growth of 2.8% for the next 12 months implies demand will slow from its two-year trend
Sizable asset base leads to capital growth challenges as its 3.4% annual book value per share increases over the last five years fell short of other insurance companies
At $210.67 per share, Allstate trades at 1.7x forward P/B.Dive into our free research report to see why there are better opportunities than ALL.
Trailing 12-Month GAAP Operating Margin: 22.5%
Named after the eccentric business magnate and aviator whose legacy lives on in real estate development, Howard Hughes Holdings (NYSE:HHH) develops, owns, and manages master-planned communities and commercial properties across the United States.
Why Do We Steer Clear of HHH?
Annual revenue growth of 21.5% over the last five years was below our standards for the consumer discretionary sector
Returns on capital are increasing as management makes relatively better investment decisions
6× net-debt-to-EBITDA ratio shows it’s overleveraged and increases the probability of shareholder dilution if things turn unexpectedly
Howard Hughes Holdings’s stock price of $63.50 implies a valuation ratio of 2.3x forward price-to-sales.Read our free research report to see why you should think twice about including HHH in your portfolio, it’s free.
ONE MORE THING: Top 6 Stocks for This Week.This market is separating quality stocks from expensive ones fast. AI taking down whole sectors with no warning. In a rotation this fast, you need more than a list of good companies.
Our AI system flagged Palantir before it ran 1,662%. AppLovin before it ran 753%. Nvidia before it ran 1,178%. Each week it produces 6 new names that pass the same tests.Get Our Top 6 Stocks for Free HERE.
Stocks that made our list in 2020 include now familiar names such as Nvidia (+1,326% between June 2020 and June 2025) as well as under-the-radar businesses like the once-small-cap company Exlservice (+354% five-year return).Find your next big winner with StockStory today.