Title: Should You Buy Nike for the Long Haul? Here's the Honest Answer.
Date: 2026-04-09 09:05
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/09/should-you-buy-nike-for-the-long-haul-heres-the-ho/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Nike is a stock that goes into the "too-hard" pile.
Professional investors get paid a lot of money to have opinions on stocks. But an industry secret that most people may not realize is that even after exhaustive research, most stocks that professional investors look at go into the "too hard" pile.
Many individual investors may not realize this since Wall Street sell-side analysts always have "buy," "hold," and occasionally "sell" ratings on stocks. However, these are not the analysts that are paid to make actual investment decisions; that instead comes from buy-side analysts. They are the ones doing the research, helping portfolio managers construct their portfolios.
So, if you're looking for the honest answer as to whether you should buy Nike (NKE +2.16%) stock for the long haul, the truthful answer is that the apparel stock squarely falls into the "too hard" pile.
Image source: The Motley Fool.
Nike is an iconic brand known throughout the world. Its swoosh logo and "Just Do It" slogan have given the company brand equity that most consumer companies dream of. However, it is also a struggling brand trying to recover from years of missteps under its former CEO.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
When Nike named John Donahoe as CEO in 2020, it brought in a tech-savvy leader who had helmed both eBay and software giant ServiceNow. However, he had no brand experience and turned his attention to creating a higher-margin business. He de-emphasized product innovation (shifting R&D investments to digital infrastructure) in favor of riding the company's classic shoe businesses, like the Jordan brand, and shunned the wholesale channel to focus on its higher-margin direct-to-consumer (DTC) business. The result was a disaster that Nike's new CEO is still working to fix.
However, a lot of damage has been done. By cutting ties with long-term retail partners, Nike lost out on space to brands like Hoka, owned by Deckers, and On Running. Meanwhile, competitors caught up with technology, and Nike's classic footwear business became oversaturated. The damage was particularly acute in China as local brands like Anta and Li-Ning emerged, and Nike wasn't meeting consumers where they shop with its DTC strategy. 
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 946%* — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 190% for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now, available when you join Stock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2026. 

Nike has the potential to turn around its business, but it's not an easy process, and tariffs and a trade war with China made things even more difficult. We also don't know how much the company was "overearning" under Donahoe's near-term positive but long-term destructive strategies. Nor do we know if or when Nike is going to regain the customers it lost. So the potential from strong operating momentum and leverage is there, but it's no guarantee. That is why the stock goes into the "too-hard" pile.

 


Before you buy stock in Nike, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Nike wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $536,003!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,116,248!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 946% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 190% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2026. 

Geoffrey Seiler has positions in ServiceNow. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Deckers Outdoor, Nike, On Holding, ServiceNow, and eBay. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 35 Amazons.
What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
