Title: Can NIKE Shares Ever Bounce Back?
Date: 2026-04-07 15:30
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/nike-shares-ever-bounce-back-153000095.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian. 
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
Nike set the stage for a turnaround, but global events keep getting in its way
Bank of America rips up its economic forecasts as it braces for $100 oil all year on Iran war disruptions
NIKE NKE shares have seen extremely poor performance for an extended period now, down more than 65% over the last five years. And in 2026 alone, shares are down more than 30%, with the poor YTD performance ranking it among the worst-performing S&P 500 stocks of the year so far.
The hope has been, for some time now, that the company would eventually turn the ship around, but recent quarterly results have not brightened investor sentiment.
NIKE shares have been weak over recent years for several reasons, with an inability to capture consumers’ attention post-COVID weighing heavily on sentiment. More specifically, the company has largely relied on retro models of its shoes over recent years, leading to a loss of its innovation ‘edge’ that consumers had grown accustomed to throughout its history.
Another driving force behind the weak business performance is that NIKE largely cut out retailers to push direct-to-consumer (DTC) sales over recent years, but the reduction in shelf space and loss of its overall presence backfired. Still, it’s recognizing the issue by actively rebuilding its relationships with retailers, but it’s not cheap to regain the premium shelf space it once enjoyed.
It’s seen little to no sales growth as a result of these factors over the past three years, as shown below.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Tariffs, along with heavy discounting to clear out its older inventory, have also significantly challenged the company’s profitability picture. The weak sales performance, paired with a crunched profitability picture, has been a double-edged sword for overall business performance, with its gross margin contracting 130 basis points to 40.2% in its latest period.
Below is a chart illustrating NIKE’s gross margin on a trailing twelve-month basis.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
And finally, a weakening performance in China, once one of its stronger growth engines, has further emerged as a big impacting force. China sales were down 10% year-over-year throughout its latest period, continuing a recent streak of declines. Chinese consumers have shifted their preferences toward other domestic brands, further reflective of NIKE’s stagnant innovation over recent years.
While shares are at levels not seen in roughly a decade, the company’s earnings outlook remains very challenged, as shown below. Further downward revisions hit the tape following the above-mentioned results.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
It’s always a challenge to decide whether beaten-down stocks like NIKE are worth buying.
But by itself, a stock being cheap isn’t an automatic reason to buy, as the reality remains that the business is still struggling mightily. Investors should rather look for buying opportunities in pullbacks among companies that still have strong fundamentals, not those with eroding margins, little to no sales growth, and overall shrinking consumer interest, which is precisely what NIKE NKE is currently facing.
That said, deeply discounted stocks should still remain on your radar, as once management confirms the storm has passed, they can quickly jump back in favor.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
NIKE, Inc. (NKE) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
