Title: 2025-2026 NBA Season Business Analysis Report: Social Media, Sponsorships, Ticket Revenues, League Sponsorship, Kit Suppliers, In-Season Competitions, Patch Partners
Date: 2026-04-09 13:47
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/2025-2026-nba-season-business-134700038.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian. 
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
Nike set the stage for a turnaround, but global events keep getting in its way
Bank of America rips up its economic forecasts as it braces for $100 oil all year on Iran war disruptions
Key NBA market opportunities include leveraging new media rights and expanding the jersey patch market. Despite declining viewership, the NBA's international fanbase offers growth potential, supported by global games and strong sponsorships, such as Nike's exclusive deal, enhancing team and league revenue streams.
Dublin, April 09, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The "The Business of NBA 2025-26" report has been added to  ResearchAndMarkets.com's offering.The "Business of the NBA 2025-26" report takes a closer look at the most followed sports league in North America.
The report highlights the media rights landscape and sponsorship portfolios of NBA, a long with a comprehensive overview into the team sponsorship market, highlighting Nikes kit supplier contract with the league and all team patch partners.
The report also looks the in-season competitions - namely the NBA Cup, All-Star weekend and Global games series, which generate additional revenue for the league. Social media numbers are also highlighted to help offer popular understanding of and within the league.New US media rights cycle starting this season worth $6.9 billion. NBA Finals viewership continues to decrease. The league has 63 active sponsors this season. Jersey patch partnership market continues to grow. New York Knicks set to generate the highest revenue from team sponsorship. NBA All-Star game viewership continues to fall, among a change in format this season.
Report Scope
The main aims of this report is to highlight the commercial landscape across one of the biggest sports leagues in the world. It breaks the league down individually but offers strong comparisons against other leading leagues, including the other 'big five' US leagues. Offers a great overview of key revenue streams throughout the league.
Reasons to Buy
Basketball is one of the most popular sport in the world, and the NBA is the biggest league within the sport. The NBA is the most followed sports league in North America, with a growing international fanbase supported by games abroad and a growing roster of top players from around the world competing. The report highlights the key commercial revenue streams for the league and its teams.
Key Highlights
Overview of the market
List of all Media deals
Breakdown of major sponsorship partners
Exclusive kit deal with Nike
Jersey patch market synopsis
In-depth team sponsorship overview
Team profiles
Ticket revenue generated by all 30 teams
In-season competitions including the NBA All-Star weekend, NBA Cup and Global Games
Overview of Social media numbers across the league
Key Topics Covered: 1. Executive Summary2. Media Landscape3. League sponsorship landscape4. Kit supplier landscape5. Jersey Patch partnerships6. Team sponsorship7. Team profiles8. Ticket revenue9. In-season competitions10. NBA Global Games11. Social media12. AppendixList of Tables
All Home market media rights
Media subscription costs to fans
Number of national TV games
Local media rights
Global media rights
League sponsorship annual value
Kit supplier history
Patch partner values
Deal value and volume for team sponsors
Ticket revenue by team
NBA Cup hosts
NBA Global games history
Social media followers
For more information about this report visit https://www.researchandmarkets.com/r/gf7m4m
About ResearchAndMarkets.comResearchAndMarkets.com is the world's leading source for international market research reports and market data. We provide you with the latest data on international and regional markets, key industries, the top companies, new products and the latest trends.
CONTACT: CONTACT: ResearchAndMarkets.com Laura Wood,Senior Press Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./ CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
