Title: Down Over 75%, Here's One Silver Lining that Could Intrigue Nike Investors
Date: 2026-04-08 20:50
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/08/down-over-75-heres-one-silver-lining-that-could-in/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
A beloved brand doesn't always translate to a beloved stock.
Few brands are as globally known as Nike (NKE +2.16%). It has spent decades building one of the most recognizable brands in the sports world, but unfortunately, Nike's stock has been delivering some of the worst performance we've seen from such an iconic company.
Nike's stock is down over 30% year to date through April 6, continuing a trend that has seen the stock fall by over 75% since its November 2021 highs. It's currently at its lowest price in over a decade.
With all the negativity surrounding Nike and its stock right now, there is one slight silver lining that could provide a glimpse of hope for long-term investors with patience.
Image source: The Motley Fool.
One of the biggest issues with Nike's business is the misguided move to prioritize direct-to-consumer channels (like its SNKRS app) instead of its typical wholesale route. In theory, Nike wanted to cut out the middleman for higher margins. However, it ended up making its shoes harder to get and letting brands like On and Hoka pick up steam. It has since tried to retract and get back to its wholesale roots, but it's not a quick process.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
There's also its China problem. The market that once drove much of Nike's growth (and is its third-largest market after North America and EMEA) has experienced significant sales declines. The company said it expects its sales in China to fall by 20% in its current fiscal quarter.

Over the next three years, Nike is expected to expand its revenue by a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of around 3.8%. However, its earnings per share (EPS) is expected to grow at a much faster rate. Some estimates project Nike's EPS to grow at a CAGR of around 25% from 2025 through 2028. That would outpace the projected S&P 500 EPS CAGR of around 15%.
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name. 
Being able to grow its EPS at that rate -- especially with modest revenue growth expectations -- would mean Nike is operating more efficiently. Ideally, this means Nike has addressed its inventory issues and wholesale relationships, which would be a good step in the right direction for a company that's in the middle of a seemingly long and massive turnaround.
This doesn't always translate into stock price growth, but it shows there's more upside than downside for Nike's stock (though I'd hope that's the case after this performance over the past decade). I would still wait to see some progress before jumping on board.

 


Before you buy stock in Nike, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Nike wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $536,003!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,116,248!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 946% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 190% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2026. 

Stefon Walters has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Nike. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 18 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 18 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
