Title: Alphabet, Amazon Outpace Meta in AI During Earnings Bonanza
Date: 2026-04-30 20:14
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/technology/articles/alphabet-amazon-outpace-meta-ai-081226462.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
Powell holds what is expected to be his final press conference as chair after the Fed keeps rates steady
Fed holds interest rates steady with no end to Iran war in sight
Elon Musk testified again in the OpenAI trial, describing his behavior at the company and its nonprofit 'halo'
A Senate committee confirmed Kevin Warsh, sending his nomination to be chairman of the Fed to the full Senate
Stocks slipped at the open as investors awaited a Fed decision and Big Tech earnings
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
(Bloomberg) -- A frenzied day of earnings reports offered a glimpse at how some of the world’s biggest tech companies are doing in artificial intelligence. The upshot: Alphabet Inc.’s Google is seeing a clear payoff from its AI spending, while Meta Platforms Inc. is lagging behind.
Most Read from Bloomberg
US Seeks to Deploy Hypersonic Missile for the First Time Against Iran
North Korea Confirms Suicide Rule for Soldiers Ukraine Captures
Two NJ Malls Separated by Just Four Miles — and Very Different Fates
Junior Bankers Sick of Grunt Work Build $2 Billion AI Tool to Do the Job
The two companies’ results were part of a flood of financial information Wednesday, when Alphabet, Meta, Amazon.com Inc. and Microsoft Corp. all delivered their numbers within the span of two minutes. The four companies are the largest spenders on AI data farms, putting them at the center of an infrastructure build-out that’s expected to cost trillions of dollars.
Meta and Alphabet both tacked on another $10 billion to their budget — taking the quartet’s total, estimated spending to as much as $725 billion for 2026. A key question among investors and analysts now is whether that massive spending is providing tangible results.
On that front, Google was able to point to solid growth at its cloud computing unit, which recorded sales of $20 billion last quarter. That beat the $18.4 billion projection. The unit saw a “meaningful acceleration in growth,” driven by demand for its AI software and infrastructure, Google said.
“Our AI models have great momentum,” Alphabet Chief Executive Officer Sundar Pichai said during a conference call with analysts. “We are bringing helpful AI into the hands of billions of people every day through our products and platforms.”
Backlog — the measure of contracted work that hasn’t been recorded as revenue yet — nearly doubled from the prior quarter to over $460 billion. The period also was the strongest quarter yet for Google’s consumer AI services, including the Gemini app, Pichai said.
Alphabet shares gained 10% to $384.94 in New York on Thursday, setting a record high and outshining the other AI giants.
Meta had a harder time making its case to investors. Its shares tumbled 8.7% after the company boosted full-year capital expenditures to as much as $145 billion — an increase driven in part by rising component prices.
Meta isn’t alone in dialing up spending; Google and others also increased their targets. But Meta doesn’t have as much to show for this massive outlay. Unlike Google, it doesn’t sell cloud computing services, and its consumer AI app has been slower to take off.
Compared with the biggest AI peers, “Meta’s standalone app hasn’t had the amount of engagement,” Bloomberg Intelligence analyst Mandeep Singh said in a note.
Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg expressed confidence in the decision to escalate spending, though his answers to analysts’ questions were vague.
Meta doesn’t have “a very precise plan” for how each AI product will be cultivated, he said on a conference call.
“I think we have a sense of the shape of where things need to be,” Zuckerberg said, while conceding that his answers might be “unfulfilling.”
“With the potential payoff of AI leadership seemingly so high, the companies continue to make those bets, forcing investors and customers alike to assess how their interests are impacted,” Forrester Research Inc. analyst Lee Sustar said in a note.
At Amazon, revenue from its cloud division grew 28% from a year earlier, marking the fastest growth rate since the second quarter of 2022. That business serves as a bellwether of its AI progress.
The company also has gotten a boost from investments in OpenAI and Anthropic PBC, the two leading AI startups. Amazon’s shares took a leg up on Wednesday after Bloomberg News reported that Anthropic was considering a fresh funding round at a valuation of more than $900 billion.
For its part, Microsoft said cloud computing revenue would accelerate — alongside spending. The company expects sales in its Azure cloud unit to increase about 40% in the current quarter and anticipates “modest acceleration” in the second half of the calendar year.
Concerns remain about the small percentage of Microsoft Office users who are paying for the company’s Copilot AI tools. The company said paid Copilot seats rose to 20 million, up 5 million from the previous quarter.
Investors had a cool reaction to the report, with the shares falling 3.9%. In a note, Citi analyst Tyler Radke described the results as “a quarter of solid execution, versus a step change in momentum.”
--With assistance from Riley Griffin, Brody Ford, Matt Day, Julia Love and Vlad Savov.
(Updates share moves starting in seventh paragraph.)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
‘I Have Half of MAGA’: The Republican Challenging Trump From Within
Running America’s Second-Busiest Airport in Turbulent Times
It’s Boating Season, But Only If You Can Afford Fuel
United’s CEO Is Here to Buy Your Struggling Airline
Outrage Over Pesticides Is Alienating Some Trump Voters
©2026 Bloomberg L.P.
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio