Title: Why Charles Schwab Stock Bumped Nearly 4% Higher Today
Date: 2026-04-08 23:01
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/08/why-charles-schwab-stock-bumped-nearly-4-higher-to/?.tsrc=rss
------------------------------
An analyst initiated coverage of the well-known brokerage.
Several analysts tracking Charles Schwab (SCHW +3.62%) weighed in with fresh takes on the brokerage on Wednesday. Of these, investors clearly chose to take the most positive one to heart, and they collectively traded the company's stock up by almost 4% that trading session.
That analyst is Keefe, Bruyette & Woods' Chris Allen, who has assumed coverage of Charles Schwab. This is good for the company and its shareholders, as Allen tagged it with an outperform (buy, in other words) recommendation. He also set a price target of $110 per share, which is almost 14% higher than the stock's current level. 
Image source: Getty Images.
The reasoning behind Allen's bullish stance wasn't immediately apparent.
They aren't universally shared, either. Also on Wednesday, two of the pundit's peers went in a bearish direction with their Charles Schwab updates. Barclays' Benjamin Budish reduced his price target, albeit modestly, from $126 per share to $117, while maintaining his overweight (buy) recommendation. 
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Over at UBS, analyst Michael Brown gave his fair value assessment a trim, lowering it to $125 per share from $119. He mirrored the generally optimistic sentiment on the financial company by also keeping his buy recommendation intact. 
I think investors followed the sentiment of the right analyst on Hump Day. All things being equal, brokerages do well when securities markets do well, and ours continue to barrel along. Charles Schwab is also adept at providing numerous other offerings, such as wealth management and advisory services, to attract and keep clients. I continue to like this stock.
Before you buy stock in Charles Schwab, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Charles Schwab wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $532,929!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,091,848!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 928% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 186% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2026. 
Charles Schwab is an advertising partner of Motley Fool Money. Eric Volkman has positions in Charles Schwab. The Motley Fool recommends Barclays Plc and Charles Schwab and recommends the following options: short March 2026 $100 calls on Charles Schwab. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 55 Metas.
What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool