Title: Tesla Stock's Rough Year Continues. Time to Buy the Stock?
Date: 2026-04-09 01:59
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/08/tesla-stocks-rough-year-continues-time-to-buy-the/?.tsrc=rss
------------------------------
The electric vehicle maker's latest delivery miss and a sudden contraction in its energy segment highlight the growing risk in its demanding valuation.
Tesla (TSLA 1.08%) shareholders are enduring a difficult stretch. And management's first-quarter delivery results failed to reverse the negative momentum, as the electric vehicle maker missed Wall Street's expectations.
The stock is down almost 24% year to date.
It's not surprising that shares are having a tough time. The underlying data reveals a business currently experiencing volume weakness across its two most important segments as it plans to ramp up spending to invest in an array of growth initiatives.
So, with shares trading around $340 as of this writing, is this a buying opportunity? Or should the stock continue to be avoided?
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Image source: The Motley Fool.
Tesla delivered 358,023 vehicles in its first quarter. While that represents a modest year-over-year improvement, it missed the approximately 370,000 units analysts, on average, expected -- and it marked a sharp 14.4% sequential drop from 418,227 units in the final quarter of 2025. 
But the top-line delivery miss is not the most concerning problem.
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name. 
Inventory is also building. Tesla produced over 408,000 vehicles during the quarter, outpacing deliveries by about 50,000 units.
Further, Tesla bulls had often argued that the company's energy generation and storage business could help offset any automotive weakness.
But that thesis didn't work in Q1.
Energy storage deployments plummeted 38% sequentially to 8.8 gigawatt-hours (GWh) in the first quarter.
Coming off a record 14.2 GWh in the prior quarter, this sudden contraction removes a critical pillar of support for the company's consolidated growth narrative.
These dual headwinds are arriving at a bad time. Tesla has been actively pivoting the business away from traditional auto manufacturing and toward capital-intensive artificial intelligence and robotics projects.
The company is "starting not the next chapter, but a new book on the progression of this company," Tesla chief financial officer Vaibhav Taneja explained to investors during the company's fourth-quarter earnings call.
But starting that new book requires an enormous amount of cash.
Management forecasts capital expenditures to exceed $20 billion this year alone as the company rapidly expands its computing infrastructure and converts existing vehicle production lines into robotics facilities.
"This is going to be a very big capex year [...]," Tesla CEO Elon Musk noted during the call. "That is deliberate, because we're making big investments for an epic future."
The problem, of course, is that if the legacy automotive and energy segments experience prolonged demand pressure, the business could struggle to generate the free cash flow required to fund this epic future.
And then there's the biggest bear case of all for the stock: valuation.
Trading at about $345 as of this writing, the stock commands a price-to-earnings ratio of about 320. A multiple this demanding assumes the business is executing flawlessly, essentially pricing in a scenario where the core vehicle business quickly returns to profitable expansion while unproven future initiatives simultaneously succeed.
But the underlying business doesn't look so optimistic.
Given Tesla's substantial inventory build in Q1 and its sharp sequential decline in energy storage deployments, the core business looks downright weak. Yet the stock is arguably priced for perfection.
Sure, there's a chance that the company's ambitious growth initiatives work and the stock grows into its valuation over time. After all, the company's supervised self-driving system is exploding in popularity; the company said the software subscriptions were up 38% year over year in Q4, to about 1.1 million total subscriptions.
But between its autonomous car, autonomous ride-sharing service, humanoid robot, and chip ambitions, the company will not only be spread thin but also financially constrained -- especially if its core business doesn't pick back up.
Considering all of these things, I'd stay on the sidelines for now when it comes to Tesla stock.
Nvidia’s CEO just revealed that one breakthrough could create more millionaires in the next five years than the internet did in two decades.
Amazon’s Jeff Bezos says it is “hard to overstate the impact.” And Cathie Wood projects AI could be an $80 trillion opportunity by 2030. That is the equivalent of 18 Nvidias, 29 Microsofts, or 35 Amazons.
But here’s what most investors miss: almost all that growth runs through a single choke point. One little-known company, called an “Indispensable Monopoly,” provides the critical technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size. We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name.
Daniel Sparks has clients with positions in Tesla. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Tesla. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 55 Metas.
What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool