Title: Jim Cramer Says Johnson & Johnson “Has the Best Pipeline of Potential Blockbusters”
Date: 2026-04-26 15:19
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/jim-cramer-says-johnson-johnson-151917577.html?.tsrc=rss

Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home.
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker.
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude.
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ ) was among Jim Cramer’s latest stock calls, as he suggested investors balance portfolios with hot and cold stocks . Cramer noted that the stock has been “doing nothing,” as he said:
Or how about a stock I talked about earlier in the week that’s doing nothing, JNJ. Johnson & Johnson, AAA balance sheet, one of only two. The other being Microsoft. J&J has the best pipeline of potential blockbusters of any pharmaceutical company, yet it sells at a little less than 20 times earnings. These are just, these are discounts.
Photo by Austin Distel on Unsplash
Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) develops and sells healthcare products, including pharmaceuticals and medical technologies, with treatments in immunology, oncology, neuroscience, cardiovascular care, and infectious diseases. On April 20, Cramer expressed his bullish sentiment toward the company and the stock as he stated:
We bought the stock of Johnson & Johnson today for the Charitable Trust… Are we crazy? No, we’re not crazy. We’re buying what may be the best drug stock, or at least the second-best if you’re Eli Lilly. We’re buying it into free fall. You don’t get a chance to buy the best at a discount very often. When you do, you buy some, then you let it fall a little more, and you buy some more. And we’ll likely get that opportunity because pharma is so out of favor… Why J&J right now? We’ve had a lot of noise in healthcare. It’s obscured a major FDA approval for a new J&J drug, Icotyde, an autoimmune drug for the treatment of moderate to severe psoriasis, which is a gigantic market…
Doesn’t hurt that the company decided to spin off its orthopedics business as a standalone company. This is a slower-growing piece of the pie, so the breakup will help unlock value. In the past, JNJ might have gotten credit for these moves, but right now, buyers have deserted the stock. I like that, too. Always remember, though, that this is the kind of stock that gets cheaper as it goes lower, which is why we’ve left plenty of room to buy more JNJ on weakness for the Charitable Trust. More important, your portfolio always needs to have a decent mix between what’s hot and what’s not… Here’s something I was taught at Goldman Sachs: They don’t all go up at once. To which I always said, but something should go up in your portfolio. And that’s why you buy J&J, one of the greatest drug companies out there, one of the greatest American companies out there, when everyone else is selling it.
While we acknowledge the potential of JNJ as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock .
READ NEXT: 33 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Years and 15 Stocks That Will Make You Rich in 10 Years
Disclosure: None. Follow Insider Monkey on Google News .