Title: Investors turn bearish on the Mag 7 ahead of tech earnings season
Date: 2026-04-09 16:30
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/investors-turn-bearish-on-the-mag-7-ahead-of-tech-earnings-season-163000786.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian. 
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
Nike set the stage for a turnaround, but global events keep getting in its way
Bank of America rips up its economic forecasts as it braces for $100 oil all year on Iran war disruptions
Investors are turning even more bearish on the Magnificent Seven ahead of this coming earnings season, which comes after these companies lean even heavier into their AI investments with massive increases to capex.
Truist CIO and chief market strategist Keith Lerner examines whether Big Tech's earnings estimates and valuations are too high.
I have a good chart, Keith on uh on the Mag 7 and sentiment on the Mag 7 ahead of earnings. And it is it's pessimistic. It's almost as pessimistic as I've seen in some time and look, these companies have done it to themselves, Keith. They're spending billions of dollars on AI. We don't yet know the return, so I get it. Are these stocks officially at that level though where any semblance, you see that chart right now on the screen, any semblance of of positive news that they're generating returns
from all these billions are going to be well received by the market. I look what Meta came out yesterday with the just a model and it's behind Claude, it's behind chat GPT and the stock gained, I mean the think the company gained about $110 billion in market cap.
Yeah, I mean, Brian, we've been doing this for a long time and it's it's all about uh relative to expectations. And I would say back in October when tech peaked, we were at a 32 uh forward PE. Now we we hit 20. I mean, that is a, you know, 37% decrease in valuation. So there is uncertainty, there is concerns about, you know, whether they'd be able to monetize um AI or the spending. There's concerns about the debt financing, but the good news is at least the market is now reflecting
some of that uncertainty and these lower uh valuations. At the same time, the forward earning estimates for the technology sector at Ritt is is much stronger than the uh the overall market. So to your point, I do think a little bit of good news could go a long way for tech given how much they've already compressed as far as valuations and prices.
Aren't these estimates too high, Keith? It has been amazing to me to watch over the past month and a half of as this war has played out, oil prices have gone through the roof, inflationary pressures have picked up, and earnings estimates for so many companies have either stayed the same or believe it or not, have actually gone up.
Yeah, well, there's typically also a lagged impact and so far, you know, it would if if this goes on, and that's going back to the if that statement that you're hearing a lot of strategists say, if this is prolonged, yes, you'll see estimates come down. For the if it's a 30 or 60 day type of action, I don't think we'll have a as dramatic impact. and we also have to realize, you know, what markets are we talking about? because for the S&P 500, close to 50% is based on tech and AI and AI and Brian, maybe you'll be happy
over the next week or two because we're start getting back into earning season, so we'll
Oh, I love earning season, Keith. Earning season makes me very happy. I love the craziness of it all, my friend.
Yeah, so you'll have Iran but you have something else to talk about as well. And I think listen, we have to also remember in times like this, Iran certainly matters, oil prices matter, but it's not the only thing that matters when we think about the next, you know, next year, next two years and and so forth for these markets.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
