Title:   HSBC Results Disappoint With Shock $400 Million MFS Charge
Date:    2026-05-05 11-57
URL:     https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/hsbc-results-disappoint-surprise-400-091813485.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap. Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin) Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know. Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week. April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation. Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower' The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it) Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience' Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press) Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war. If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans. The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020 The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year. Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed Powell holds what is expected to be his final press conference as chair after the Fed keeps rates steady Fed holds interest rates steady with no end to Iran war in sight Elon Musk testified again in the OpenAI trial, describing his behavior at the company and its nonprofit 'halo' A Senate committee confirmed Kevin Warsh, sending his nomination to be chairman of the Fed to the full Senate Stocks slipped at the open as investors awaited a Fed decision and Big Tech earnings The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1 The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings. The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs. (Bloomberg) -- HSBC Holdings Plc reported profit that missed estimates, weighed down by an unexpected charge related to the collapse of UK mortgage lender Market Financial Solutions Ltd. and rising economic risks stemming from the conflict in the Middle East. Most Read from Bloomberg US Has Opened a Passage Through Hormuz, Central Command Says China’s Rare Sanctions Pushback Leaves Banks Caught in Crossfire US and Iran Trade Fire in Gulf, Jolting Four-Week-Old Truce Iran Fires Missiles at UAE in First Attack Since Ceasefire Apple Explores Using Intel and Samsung to Build Main Device Chips in the US The London-based bank booked $1.3 billion in expected credit losses for the period. This was driven partly by a $400 million charge linked to what the bank described as a “fraud-related, secondary, securitization exposure with a financial sponsor in the UK.” That surprise provision is tied to the failure of specialized lender Market Financial Solutions, also known as MFS, according to a person with knowledge of the matter, who asked not to be identified discussing private information. Apollo Global Management Inc.’s unit Atlas SP Partners is the financial sponsor, other people said. HSBC also recorded a $300 million increase in allowances tied to a deteriorating global economic outlook following the onset of hostilities in the Middle East. Pretax profit for the first three months of the year fell to $9.4 billion, missing the $9.6 billion average estimate compiled by the bank. Those results were partially offset by a resilient performance within the lender’s wealth and Hong Kong units, as well as an upgrade to its net interest income outlook. The “results contained a fair amount of noise across revenue and cost lines, but the underlying picture is one of a mildly stronger banking NII print and ongoing strength in wealth,” Joseph Dickerson and Priya Rathod, analysts at Jefferies, wrote in a note. They rate the shares a hold. HSBC’s shares fell as much as 6.3% in London. MFS Saga HSBC joins a long list of financial institutions caught up in MFS’s sudden implosion, alongside Banco Santander SA, Barclays Plc, Jefferies Financial Group Inc., Wells Fargo & Co. and others. The latest hit shows how the fallout from MFS has spread beyond the immediate circle of banks and investment firms that dealt with the London-based business, which specialized in short-term real estate lending. Officials are hunting for assets backing the billions of dollars that MFS borrowed. Two MFS units had about £1 billion ($1.4 billion) of debt from Atlas-controlled vehicles, according to filings from administrators. Atlas, the structured-credit arm of Apollo, had about £400 million of exposure to MFS, representing about 1% of its balance sheet. HSBC Chief Financial Officer Pam Kaur said on a call the issue was “idiosyncratic” and the bank had found no other problems. “We feel comfortable this is a one-off,” she said. The Financial Times named MFS and Apollo earlier. The broadening scope of the conflict in Iran is also threatening a region that HSBC had targeted for aggressive wealth and corporate banking expansion, though the bank hasn’t operated in Iran for more than a decade. It joins several European banks, which have collectively sidelined hundreds of millions of euros to buffer against the regional instability. The heightened allowances underscore the shifting risk profile for global lenders as geopolitical tensions threaten to disrupt key growth markets. HSBC also said it expects 2026 ECL charges to be about 45 basis points of average gross loans, from its previous estimate of around 40 basis points. The wild swings in prices of assets ranging from bonds to currencies and commodities have had a varying impact on bank earnings this season. Stock traders at Barclays have beat expectations, while fixed-income and FX fell short, broadly similar to their peers at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. On the other hand, JPMorgan Chase & Co. notched its highest-ever quarterly trading revenue, with both equities and FICC beating estimates. Last week, Standard Chartered Plc took a $296 million credit impairment charge, of which $190 million related to what the Asia and Middle East-focused lender said was “precautionary management overlays” tied to the Gulf region. The Iran war has battered the region’s economies and caused disruptions to global supply chains. As the world’s largest trade bank and a key financial pipeline connecting the East with the West, HSBC is sensitive to the geopolitical ructions resulting from the hostilities. HSBC has been on a major restructuring drive for the past 18 months ever since Georges Elhedery took over as CEO in September 2024. The Lebanon-born banker has shut down, merged and sold several businesses in an effort to simplify the bank’s business and reduce costs. Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp. said on late Monday that it’s buying HSBC’s retail and wealth assets in Indonesia. The transformation of HSBC has been welcomed by investors, with the shares hitting all-time highs this year. The outbreak of the US-Iran war caused the stock to plunge briefly before it pared most of those losses. --With assistance from Tom Metcalf, Quentin Webb and Sam Nagarajan. (Adds details from insolvency filings to 10th paragraph.) Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek America’s Go-To Autism Therapy Is Also the Most Controversial The Risky Pivot Inside Australia’s Pension System Whatnot Has Americans Hooked on Livestream Shopping Running America’s Second-Busiest Airport in Turbulent Times It’s Boating Season, But Only If You Can Afford Fuel ©2026 Bloomberg L.P. Weʼre unable to load stories right now. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
