Title: eInfochips' EIC PROPEL™ Now Available in the Microsoft Marketplace
Date: 2026-04-09 13:50
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/technology/articles/einfochips-eic-propel-now-available-135000959.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian. 
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
Nike set the stage for a turnaround, but global events keep getting in its way
Bank of America rips up its economic forecasts as it braces for $100 oil all year on Iran war disruptions
Microsoft customers worldwide can now discover and deploy EIC PROPEL™, an enterprise-grade IoT platform that enables secure, scalable, and unified device management with integrated support for Microsoft Azure services
SAN JOSE, Calif. and AHMEDABAD, India, April 9, 2026 /PRNewswire/ -- eInfochips, an Arrow Electronics company and a global provider of product engineering services, today announced the availability of EIC PROPEL™, its enterprise IoT platform, in the Microsoft Marketplace, the unified online destination for customers to buy trusted cloud solutions, AI apps, and agents.
With this availability, customers can now deploy EIC PROPEL™ through the Microsoft Marketplace for streamlined access, seamless integration, and simplified lifecycle management across Microsoft Azure products and services. EIC PROPEL™ helps enterprises connect, manage, and optimize large fleets of IoT assets through real-time edge-to-cloud communication, remote device control, intelligent analytics, and robust zero-trust security principles. This helps organizations accelerate deployment, reduce operational overhead, and gain clearer visibility into their distributed devices.
EIC PROPEL™ offers a unified dashboard for multi-tenant device management, real-time telemetry, automated workflows, and enterprise-grade governance. The platform supports integration with Microsoft Azure IoT, Azure Synapse Analytics, and Azure Data Explorer, enabling organizations to operationalize device data with advanced analytics and support next-generation use cases such as predictive AI, machine learning, and generative AI.
With it's availability on the Microsoft Marketplace, customers can deploy EIC PROPEL™ more easily while leveraging deep integration with the Azure Ecosystem. "Making EIC PROPEL™ available on the Microsoft Marketplace allows our customers to accelerate IoT adoption with a scalable, secure, and cloud-ready platform," said Murdoch Fitzgerald, chief growth officer, global services  at Arrow. "Our integration with Microsoft Azure helps enterprises gain real-time visibility across distributed devices while maintaining the rigorous security, performance, and compliance standards required for modern IoT operations."
"Microsoft Marketplace helps organizations and partners move faster, work smarter, and grow by connecting them with the right solutions — all in one trusted place," said Cyril Belikoff, vice president, Microsoft Azure Product Marketing. "We're happy to welcome eInfochips' EIC PROPEL™ solution to the growing Microsoft Marketplace ecosystem."
Microsoft Marketplace is a single destination to find, try, and buy trusted cloud solutions, AI apps, and agents to meet your business objectives. Choose from a growing collection of solutions tailored to your unique needs, available both in the marketplace and directly within Microsoft products.
About EIC PROPEL™
EIC PROPEL™ is an enterprise IoT platform that enables real-time asset connectivity, automated device management, and secure data intelligence from edge to cloud. Built on a multitenant, scalable, and security-first architecture, the platform supports thousands of devices across industries and integrates with Azure compute, storage, and analytics services for end-to-end IoT lifecycle operations.
Key capabilities include:
Unified device management: Connect, monitor, and manage diverse IoT devices through a single dashboard, with real-time telemetry and automation workflows.
End-to-end security: Zero-trust design with AES-256 encryption, X.509 certificate-based authentication, and secure provisioning.
Multitenant scalability: Isolation, governance, and policy-based control across distributed deployments.
Azure integration: Native support for Azure IoT, Synapse, Data Explorer, and event-based data pipelines.
Industry use cases: EV charging networks, smart buildings, logistics, supply chain visibility, and connected healthcare.
About eInfochips
eInfochips, an Arrow Electronics company, accelerates product innovation through industry-leading engineering research and development (ER&D) capabilities. With deep expertise across silicon, embedded, digital, AI, IoT, robotics, and cybersecurity, eInfochips delivers end-to-end ER&D services, that take innovations from concept to deployment seamlessly.
With 750+ products engineered and 100M+ deployments worldwide, eInfochips is recognized by firms like Avasant, Everest, Gartner, HfS Research, Zinnov, and ISG for its ability to deliver complex engineering challenges.
Learn more about EIC PROPEL™: https://www.einfochips.com/eic-propel/Marketplace Listing: https://marketplace.microsoft.com/en-us/product/azure-applications/einfochipsinc1748933715085.eic_propel_application
View original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/einfochips-eic-propel-now-available-in-the-microsoft-marketplace-302738368.html
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
