Title: Investors Protecting Stocks at Record Eye Bets on Higher Rates
Date: 2026-04-26 14:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/options/articles/investors-protecting-stocks-record-eye-140000493.html?.tsrc=rss

Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home.
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker.
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude.
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
(Bloomberg) -- As stocks hit record after record, some investors are taking to heart the saying: Hedge when you can, not when you must.
Most Read from Bloomberg
The Billion-Barrel Hormuz Oil Shock Is About to Crash Demand
Gunman Detained, Trump Evacuated After Shooting at Press Dinner
Trump Scraps US Trip for Iran Talks, Leaving Ceasefire in Limbo
The Hottest Phone for Kids Right Now Is a $100 Landline
Google Plans to Invest Up to $40 Billion in Anthropic
Investors have been snapping up calls on technology stocks in recent weeks ahead of earnings results that are so far showing strong income and healthy outlooks. That’s shifted equity options sentiment away from concern about a potential selloff and toward a chase of the rally.
But with the Iran war heading into a ninth week, curbing oil supply and threatening to stoke global inflation, some Wall Street strategists are suggesting it may be a good time to buy some insurance. That may take the form of pure stock hedges, or broader protection against higher interest rates.
With the Iran risk premium declining, “the setup for re-engaging hedges is looking more attractive,” UBS Group AG strategist Kieran Diamond wrote in a report to clients. He favors buying equity put spreads rather than call spreads on the Cboe Volatility Index, noting that volatility is supported even with stocks near all-time highs, reflecting the ongoing uncertainty.
“Equity downside appears to offer better convexity” versus upside volatility hedges, he said in an email. This refers to a higher volatility starting point where a return to a more risk-off environment could see a sharper move lower in equities than a spike in the VIX.
Looming over the market is the potential for tighter oil supply to drive up costs of everything from fuel to food and plastics. The risk of higher inflation — which may keep interest rates higher — is regarded as a key factor that could trigger a stock-market selloff once investors start to look beyond earnings.
“The key risk for equities from here is less ‘headline shock’ and more a longer‑duration repricing of rates,” said Florian Ielpo, head of macro research at Lombard Odier Investment Managers. “The rotation into U.S. growth and tech can keep working while earnings hold up, but it becomes vulnerable if oil‑driven inflation keeps real yields sticky or higher.”
It’s not just in equities that positioning has switched, opening up new hedging opportunities. In the rates market, investors are now selling more volatility following the US-Israeli ceasefire with Iran.
“They’re not quite at the January lows where the short vol trade was at its peak popularity, but we’ve very quickly returned to that world,” said Jan Nevruzi, US rates strategist at the TD Securities, referring to the pricing of instruments that bet on where the long end of the swaps curve will be in a year.
Rates Hedges
Traders have become more comfortable selling volatility using 30-year swaptions, making the cost of hedging against a rise in long term-rates cheaper than it was in March.
Fund managers are also eyeing longer-term rates hedges.
“For a diversified portfolio, I think rate-volatility hedges can make more sense than simply adding more equity puts,” Ielpo said. “Being long rates vol is a more direct hedge against the ‘rates shock’ that would hit growth valuations, and it tends to diversify better when the market selloff is driven by yields rather than pure risk sentiment.”
In the short term, equity investors are focused on tech earnings, with four giants — Alphabet Inc., Meta Platforms Inc., Microsoft Corp. and Amazon.com Inc. — reporting results next week. After that, Iran, oil and inflation may take over the narrative.
“Earnings can support the tech narrative, but the risk is that markets refocus on inflation and real yields if energy stays elevated,” said Ielpo. “If that happens, hedging the rates tail may be the more efficient protection.”
--With assistance from Bernard Goyder.
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
‘I Have Half of MAGA’: The Republican Challenging Trump From Within
A Restaurant That’s Barely Raised Prices Since 1973
United’s CEO Is Here to Buy Your Struggling Airline
Why If the War Doesn’t End Soon, Everyone Will Pay
AI Startup Has Helped Reverse Thousands of Denied Health Insurance Claims
©2026 Bloomberg L.P.