Title: Value Stocks With Earnings Strength Post 3,500% Run Since 2000
Date: 2026-05-20 11:33
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/value-stocks-earnings-strength-post-113354509.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results The Trump administration plans to invest $2 billion in quantum computing, expanding its broader push into strategic industries The Dow clinched a record high as stocks rebounded on optimism for a US-Iran peace deal US stocks turned higher as oil prices fell on hopes of a US-Iran peace deal Quantum stocks jump as Trump administration doles out $2 billion in exchange for equity US stocks fell as oil prices rose amid doubts about US-Iran peace talks The bond market's signal to the Fed: Interest rates should be higher SpaceX files IPO prospectus, offering a rare look at the company's finances Nvidia beats earnings estimates, gives upbeat outlook on strong chip sales The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq rallied as oil fell and Nvidia earnings were on deck The ChatGPT maker is reportedly preparing to file for an IPO in the coming weeks, with plans to go public as early as September Oil plunges as Trump says US in 'final stages' of Iran deal After an unsteady start, stocks gained as oil prices fell and a bond sell-off paused S&P 500, Nasdaq rise in countdown to Nvidia results The chip giant is set to report results Wednesday as its stock climbs higher and rivals close in. Here's what to expect. The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq fell as bond yields surged amid rate hike concerns Google unveils biggest update to Search in 25 years, including AI agents Trump traded over $50 million in Big Tech stocks last quarter, selling Tesla and buying more Apple, new ethics disclosure shows US stocks slid at the open as bond yields rose and tech stocks extended their retreat AI is likely to concentrate power among corporate giants and leave everyone else further behind, Goldman Sachs says The S&P 500 and Nasdaq slipped as chip stocks fell and investors weighed inflation fears Elon Musk loses trial against OpenAI There are 3 issues that appear little changed after Trump's China summit US stocks rise as yields climb amid inflation worries America's CEOs call out where food prices are rising The housing market is starting to look K-shaped, too Anthropic's shadow IPO market is already flashing trillion-dollar prices Investors eye Nvidia, bond yields, and the next commodity supercycle Wall Street sees bubble-like euphoria in AI-fueled semiconductor rally Should you buy Series I bonds as inflation heats up again? Travel is still on, but rising costs reshape summer vacation plans Executives are blaming layoffs on AI, but research shows AI is 'not the main driver' of US labor slowdown. Intel announces a multiyear partnership deal with McLaren's F1 racing team Here are the most anticipated IPOs in 2026 History's weirdest bubbles have a message for the AI trade Kevin Warsh is set to take over leading the Fed amid one of the most dynamic economic backdrops in modern history Trump’s 'insane amount of trades' astonish Wall Street insiders (Bloomberg) SpaceX accelerates IPO timeline, targets market debut as early as June 12 (Reuters) The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq sank as US bond yields jumped to end a volatile week on a downbeat note The 30-year Treasury yield just broke to its highest level in almost 20 years Nasdaq leads dive in US stocks, with yields jumping amid inflation jitters Cerebras soared on its market debut. Here's how the company plans to take on Nvidia with a new approach to chip technology. Stocks gained, with the Dow closing above 50,000 and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq notching fresh records Cerebras stock surged 100% within minutes of trading in what is expected to be 2026's biggest IPO The Dow retook 50,000 and the S&P 500 topped 7,500 as the AI trade lifted stocks US stocks rise as Nvidia jumps, Trump-Xi summit kicks off Xi Jinping tells US CEOs that 'China's door will only open wider' Micron wiped out roughly $100 billion in market value at Tuesday’s low — and chip bulls still bought the dip Tech stocks led the S&P 500 and Nasdaq to record highs, while the Dow slipped The US Senate confirmed Kevin Warsh as the new chairman of the Federal Reserve with a final vote of 54-45 The 10-year Treasury yield hovered just below 4.5% after hot inflation data, raising concerns stocks could come under pressure (Bloomberg) -- Turns out, loading up on technology giants isn’t the only route to better returns. Value companies, too, stand a decent chance of trouncing the market — as long as several conditions are met. Most Read from Bloomberg Spot the Difference: Putin Gets Trump Treatment From Xi in China US Lawmakers Plan New $130 Fee for Electric Vehicle Owners Hasbro Cancels Dungeons & Dragons Game From ‘Star Wars’ Veteran NATO Is Starting to Consider Hormuz Mission to Protect Ships Iran Threatens to Retaliate Beyond Middle East If US Attacks Picking out winners in the group whose stocks are tied the most to the economy requires two steps, strategists at Bloomberg Intelligence say. First select companies with rising share prices, then narrow the list to only keep those with improving earnings. That portfolio returned 3,471% on a cumulative basis since 2000, more than eight times the advance in the S&P 500 Index, BI analysts led by Christopher Cain said in a note to clients. And it’s outperformed the benchmark equity gauge by more than two-fold this year through April, gaining 12.1% during that time. The finding offers solace to those worried that having too light a position in technology shares would lead to meager long-term returns. It also underscores the importance of factoring in a profit backdrop when picking stocks. Strip out the earnings filter from the portfolio, and its return drops to 2,170%. “This portfolio only invests in companies with improving fundamentals. That matters when valuations are stretched, since you’re buying companies that may look expensive but are expensive for a good reason,” said BI’s Cain. “It helps avoid buying stocks that trade at a premium without the underlying fundamentals to justify it.” Value stocks, the group comprising companies whose fortunes are closely tied to the economy, have spent the better part of the last decade trailing growth as investors chased companies at the forefront of digital transformation. The trend has reversed so far in 2026 as hostilities in the Middle East fueled a rally in energy shares and worries mounted that the euphoria around artificial intelligence has gone too far, too fast. The Russell 1000 Value Index has advanced 9.9% since early January, compared with a 4% gain in the Russell 1000 Growth Index. Chipmakers, the stock market’s biggest gainers this year, have stumbled since mid-May as investors pulled back from the group after weeks of outsize gains. Rising earnings estimates have been the cornerstone of the bull run in US stocks that’s powered past geopolitical tensions in the Middle East and uncertainty about the path of inflation at home that in another environment may have derailed the advance. And while value and momentum have been among the most popular investing factors, disregarding the companies’ earnings backdrop may come at a cost, say strategists at BI. They cited Walmart Inc., Pfizer Inc., and Goldman Sachs Group Inc. as examples of companies that screened highly in those categories but saw shares fall as fundamentals deteriorated. “In essence, going with earnings revisions as a factor is staying convex to the concept of a company’s fundamentals improving, without passing judgment on what the valuation around the improvement of those fundamentals might actually be,” said Julian Emanuel, chief equity and quantitative strategist at Evercore ISI. Analysts have continued lifting profit forecasts for Corporate America, and chiefly for companies tied to artificial intelligence, helping offset concerns around rising inflation as oil prices have surged from the Iran war. A strategy that entails chasing stocks with the highest three-month upward revision in earnings has gained 31% in the 12 months through May 18, the second-best performing group among 12 factors tracked by Bloomberg. It has advanced 8.5% in 2026, in the third-biggest gain among the factors. “Much of the recent equity market momentum has corresponded with surging near-term earnings estimates,” Ben Snider, chief US equity strategist at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. wrote in a note to clients. He said recent conversations with portfolio managers have underscored the difficulty of finding investment opportunities not linked to AI. “We believe investors should continue to focus on equities with fundamental support from earnings growth and revisions, whether those earnings are driven by AI or other tailwinds.” Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek College Kids Don’t Want Your AI The AI Boom Is a Dilemma for Retail Investors Elon Musk Really Needs Starship to Work This Time Courts Are Swamped With AI-Powered Do-It-Yourself Lawsuits Behind the Claude Frenzy That Ate Up All the Mac Minis ©2026 Bloomberg L.P. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
