Title: The Most Undervalued Healthcare Stock in the S&P 500 Right Now
Date: 2026-05-21 11:25
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/05/21/the-most-undervalued-healthcare-stock-in-the-sp-50/?.tsrc=rss
Content: The market appears to be short-sighted. Shares ofBristol Myers Squibb(BMY+1.73%)are trading in a manner that evokes little confidence in the company's future growth. The numbers suggest otherwise. At roughly 10 times forward earnings, the drug manufacturer's stock is the cheapest among its 11 peers in theS&P 500. The measly 8% stock returns this year so far have pushed the dividend yield above 4%, the second-highest in this cohort of pharmaceuticals, trailing onlyPfizer. But here’s the kicker: at just 9.9 times trailing free cash flow (FCF), Bristol Myers Squibb is the third-cheapest of the 59 healthcare stocks in the S&P 500. That's an unusually low valuation for a pharmaceutical company expected to generate roughly $46 billion to $47.5 billion in revenue this year. Of course, it's not the numbers that concern the market. It's patent expirations. This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason. Major drugs, including Revlimid and eventually Eliquis, face increasing generic competition over the next several years. This has likely led investors to treat Bristol Myers Squibb as a business heading toward long-term revenue decline. Image source: Getty Images. But recent results show the company's newer products are already starting to offset those losses, or the fear of losses. One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size. We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name. In the first quarter of 2026, BMS generated $11.5 billion in revenue, up 3% year over year. The company's growth portfolio increased 12% to $6.2 billion and now accounts for more than half of total revenue. Several newer drugs are growing rapidly, including Breyanzi, whose revenue jumped 56% year over year; Camzyos, which has surged 97%; and Reblozyl, which has increased 16%. Meanwhile, Eliquis, the company's massive blood thinner franchise developed alongsidePfizer, continues performing quite well. It generated $4.14 billion in Q1 revenue alone, up 16% year over year. BMS recently projected that Eliquis revenue could still rise another 10% to 15% during 2026, despite pricing pressure tied to Medicare negotiations. The company is also becoming significantly more aggressive on cost controls. Management says restructuring efforts and productivity initiatives are expected to generate roughly $2 billion in annual cost savings by 2027. At the same time, Bristol Myers Squibb still has one of the deeper pipelines in large-cap pharma. It currently has multiple late-stage oncology, immunology, and cardiovascular programs moving through pivotal trials. Management highlighted several major regulatory and clinical catalysts expected throughout 2026, including iberdomide, mezigdomide, and additional expansion opportunities for Camzyos. Still, this is not a "no-risk"pharmaceutical stock. Patent cliffs are real. Revlimid revenue continues to decline due to generic competition, and Eliquis will eventually face major exclusivity pressure later this decade. But the valuation already reflects much of that pessimism, especially on a price-to-FCF basis, despite free cash flow itself not being too unfavorable. BMY Free Cash Flowdata byYCharts. A company that should generate $46 billion to $47.5 billion in annual revenue, offers a dividend yield of more than 4%, and has a growing, newer drug franchise typically doesn't trade at around 10 times forward earnings or FCF, unless the market is being short-sighted. Right now, Bristol Myers Squibb appears to be priced for stagnation. But if management can continue growing its newer portfolio while stabilizing legacy declines, today's valuation could eventually look far too low.     Before you buy stock inBristol Myers Squibb, consider this: The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andBristol Myers Squibbwasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $475,063!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,369,991!* Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is994% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to207%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors. See the 10 stocks › *Stock Advisor returns as of May 21, 2026.  Jeff Siegelhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Bristol Myers Squibb and Pfizer. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy. This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over28 Amazons. What in the world could be worth 28 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited. Continue ›  *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason. Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services. Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. ©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io. About The Motley Fool Our Services Around the Globe Free Tools Affiliates & Friends
