Title:   Jim Cramer Says “Don’t Mess With Alphabet, They’re Crushing It”
Date:    2026-04-14
URL:     https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/jim-cramer-says-don-t-181431909.html?.tsrc=rss
--Article Content--
Oops, something went wrong
Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is amongJim Cramer’s recent stock calls as he urged investors to stand by the defense sector. A club member asked whether their portfolio is diverse enough if their top 5 holdings are GOOGL, AAPL, MDT, MPLX, and RTX. In response, Cramer said:
Okay, I’m liking what I see here. One of my absolute favorite oils, okay. We got Alphabet. That is, it’s just crushing it. Don’t mess with Alphabet. They’re crushing it…They got the YouTube. They’re everywhere. Okay, Medtronic, healthcare company. I would actually, at this point, swap out Medtronic for JNJ. I think JNJ’s going to have better growth. Apple, we do we do? We own it, don’t trade it. And what have we been saying about RTX? May be, may be the best defense company on Earth, save Lockheed. Good call, good work.
Photo by Kai Wenzel on Unsplash
Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) provides technology-related products and services, including search, advertising, cloud computing, AI tools, and digital content platforms such as YouTube and Google Play. During the April 7 episode, Cramer highlighted why he “stayed in” the stock, as he commented:
Yesterday was Alphabet. I kept hearing that Google was doing badly, which would slow down the growth of Gemini. With Anthropic coming on strong, albeit for business, ChatGPT maintaining its success, you might have to abandon ship Alphabet. I just started buying it for the Charitable Trust. I thought it made no sense whatsoever. You get YouTube, Waymo, Search, Chrome, Gemini. So I didn’t dump it. I stayed in. It was a pretty bold thing to do. Now, it ramped up again, nearly 2%.
While we acknowledge the potential of GOOGL as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on thebest short-term AI stock.
READ NEXT:33 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Yearsand15 Stocks That Will Make You Rich in 10 Years
Disclosure: None.Follow Insider Monkey on Google News.