Title: Eli Lilly's new GLP-1 pill vs. Wegovy, JPMorgan initiates coverage on Hims
Date: 2026-04-24 15:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/eli-lillys-glp-1-pill-150000340.html?.tsrc=rss

Market Catalysts Host Julie Hyman and Yahoo Finance Senior Reporter Brooke DiPalma track several of the day's top trending stock tickers, including prescriptions for Eli Lilly's (LLY) new GLP-1 weight-loss drug reportedly trailing the oral version of Novo Nordisk's Wegovy (NVO), JPMorgan analysts initiating coverage on Hims & Hers Health stock (HIMS), and Regeneron (REGN) offering new hearing-loss therapy plans for free. We are watching Eli Lily, Hims and Hers and Regeneron, a bit of a healthcare theme for us, Brooke De Palma. She's joining me now to talk about all this. Uh let's talk about Eli Lily first because uh we're seeing the battle of the GLP ones now play out um in oral form, in pill form, right? moving on from the shots. And uh Brooke reportedly, if you look at new prescription numbers, the pill isn't competing that strongly against the Novo Nordisk existing product. Yeah, what we definitely saw was prescriptions down over the course of the week ending April 17th, fell about 2%. Pacificly when it comes to Zepbound, uh that's injectable still, while we'll go be injectables, still rose about 2%. When you take a look specifically at the oral pills, which keep in mind, are really they're new to the market, Julie. These only launched earlier this year. and so these are these are something that are relatively new. You think about customer adoption rate, maybe a bit slower here, but what we are seeing is that Eli Lily's newly launched uh foundo, that had just launched and for its first week, ending in April for really first time to the market market, it reached about 3,770 while no uh Novo Nordis while Gold V pill recorded about 18,410 prescriptions during the first week. And so, it seems like Novo Nordisk is not necessarily winning this, but the attention that this oral pill got earlier this year ran up to above 18,000. Now, Eli Lily not having as uh good of a launch with their oral pill as well. My personal uh take on this is I think that when that pill did come out in January, it just got so much attention and just so much buzz. Maybe not as much for uh Eli Lily's launches of their oral version. Right. And the assumption was that like if you could take a pill instead of doing a shot, that that a lot of people would choose that, but maybe if people are sort of accustomed to and it's working for them to do the shot, maybe they're sticking with it. But we'll see what new adoption ends up being like also. Um we have sort of a related uh mover next, which is Hims and Hers. We had JP Morgan initiating the stock at an overweight. The analyst team led by Corey Carpenter over there putting a price target, um it looks like of $35 on the stock. um and they basically said that the company's been punished and it shouldn't be that there are a lot of um sort of catalysts going forward that could be positive. Although, I will say, it's not like their $35 price target is that much above where it is right now. Right. I mean, keep in mind though, the stock is up popping a bit today. It's up about 5.8% because of this uh, you know, overweight rating that the firm put on it. Right. But at the same exact time, this has been a roller coaster ride for this stock. We we've been chatting a lot about this company because they just have made so many headlines. And what this JP Morgan analyst initially said was that maybe those GLP1 compounds that ended up getting struck down by the FDA, maybe pushed the envelope a little bit too far. essentially, it was like ingredients of a GLP1 but not an entire GLP1. And now that they've teamed up with Nova Nork, it seems like the appetite, the investor sentiment on this company has now turned a page here. Yeah, we'll see if that that is the case here and we'll see what these uh going forward catalysts look like. I mean, peptides like are all the rage right now in terms of what may be. Julie, I was going to say the same thing. Yeah. I mean in this note, they also mentioned peptides. If you guys have been watching, Julie and I have been talking about peptides a lot on the show, it feels like. But it seems like the investor sentiment right now is that because of this facility that they have out in California, Him and hers is sort of ahead of this peptide trend that could really accelerate over the coming years. Yeah, I mean, they, you know, there needs to be more regulatory clarity on this and JP Morgan expects the FDA to approve, they say they're in the process of approving 12 peptides for mass compounding, which would be something that would benefit him's an horse. This is something that uh RFK Jr. has been pushing for. He's big peptide guy, um the manisphere, they're all in on peptides. So we'll see uh we'll see how this plays out. And then finally, this is such a cool story. Regeneron, a couple of things. The company um was the latest to sort of join the White House's Trump Rx platform. The shares are down about 3%. but the cool part of this maybe doesn't have anything to do with stock, I don't know, is that they have a new gene therapy that uh basically restores hearing to uh uh deaf children. And this is a very small number of children that are affected by a very specific reason behind their deafness. Um, and it's being being provided for free uh by the company. But still, Brooke, I thought that was a pretty cool story. Yeah, really cool story indeed. I mean, the fact that it also is teaming up with the White House to provide this sort of therapy for free. I mean, that's something that is kind of unheard of these days. And so I think that that speaks volumes to the fact that these companies sometimes while teaming up with this administration in order to cut prices lower on pharmaceuticals. This is a pretty cool initiative that the company does have here. and I also think this does speak volumes to the many other uh pharmaceutical companies that we've been chatting about over the past years who also inked deals with this administration. and there's about a running list of about 17 right now who have agreed that they're going to lower or discount the cost of their drugs in order to hopefully get a bit of a, you know, offset when it comes to President Trump's tariffs. Those companies include Pfizer, include Amgen, Eli Lily, Nova Norda, some of the ones we were just discussing. But I like to see this company specifically doing it for something that's super niche like you were mentioning Julie. Yeah, I think it's only something like 50 kids a year are born with this particular mutation. Nonetheless, still pretty cool. The stock is up by the way about 24% over the past 12 months. Thanks a lot Brooke.