Title: Nvidia Tells Skeptical Investors AI Is Ready to Go Mainstream
Date: 2026-05-21 20:10
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/nvidia-gets-tepid-reaction-forecast-210054064.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results The Trump administration plans to invest $2 billion in quantum computing, expanding its broader push into strategic industries The Dow clinched a record high as stocks rebounded on optimism for a US-Iran peace deal US stocks turned higher as oil prices fell on hopes of a US-Iran peace deal Quantum stocks jump as Trump administration doles out $2 billion in exchange for equity US stocks fell as oil prices rose amid doubts about US-Iran peace talks The bond market's signal to the Fed: Interest rates should be higher SpaceX files IPO prospectus, offering a rare look at the company's finances Nvidia beats earnings estimates, gives upbeat outlook on strong chip sales The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq rallied as oil fell and Nvidia earnings were on deck The ChatGPT maker is reportedly preparing to file for an IPO in the coming weeks, with plans to go public as early as September Oil plunges as Trump says US in 'final stages' of Iran deal After an unsteady start, stocks gained as oil prices fell and a bond sell-off paused S&P 500, Nasdaq rise in countdown to Nvidia results The chip giant is set to report results Wednesday as its stock climbs higher and rivals close in. Here's what to expect. The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq fell as bond yields surged amid rate hike concerns Google unveils biggest update to Search in 25 years, including AI agents Trump traded over $50 million in Big Tech stocks last quarter, selling Tesla and buying more Apple, new ethics disclosure shows US stocks slid at the open as bond yields rose and tech stocks extended their retreat AI is likely to concentrate power among corporate giants and leave everyone else further behind, Goldman Sachs says The S&P 500 and Nasdaq slipped as chip stocks fell and investors weighed inflation fears Elon Musk loses trial against OpenAI There are 3 issues that appear little changed after Trump's China summit US stocks rise as yields climb amid inflation worries America's CEOs call out where food prices are rising The housing market is starting to look K-shaped, too Anthropic's shadow IPO market is already flashing trillion-dollar prices Investors eye Nvidia, bond yields, and the next commodity supercycle Wall Street sees bubble-like euphoria in AI-fueled semiconductor rally Should you buy Series I bonds as inflation heats up again? Travel is still on, but rising costs reshape summer vacation plans Executives are blaming layoffs on AI, but research shows AI is 'not the main driver' of US labor slowdown. Intel announces a multiyear partnership deal with McLaren's F1 racing team Here are the most anticipated IPOs in 2026 History's weirdest bubbles have a message for the AI trade Kevin Warsh is set to take over leading the Fed amid one of the most dynamic economic backdrops in modern history Trump’s 'insane amount of trades' astonish Wall Street insiders (Bloomberg) SpaceX accelerates IPO timeline, targets market debut as early as June 12 (Reuters) The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq sank as US bond yields jumped to end a volatile week on a downbeat note The 30-year Treasury yield just broke to its highest level in almost 20 years Nasdaq leads dive in US stocks, with yields jumping amid inflation jitters Cerebras soared on its market debut. Here's how the company plans to take on Nvidia with a new approach to chip technology. Stocks gained, with the Dow closing above 50,000 and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq notching fresh records Cerebras stock surged 100% within minutes of trading in what is expected to be 2026's biggest IPO The Dow retook 50,000 and the S&P 500 topped 7,500 as the AI trade lifted stocks US stocks rise as Nvidia jumps, Trump-Xi summit kicks off Xi Jinping tells US CEOs that 'China's door will only open wider' Micron wiped out roughly $100 billion in market value at Tuesday’s low — and chip bulls still bought the dip Tech stocks led the S&P 500 and Nasdaq to record highs, while the Dow slipped The US Senate confirmed Kevin Warsh as the new chairman of the Federal Reserve with a final vote of 54-45 The 10-year Treasury yield hovered just below 4.5% after hot inflation data, raising concerns stocks could come under pressure (Bloomberg) -- Nvidia Corp., facing more investor skepticism, used its latest quarterly report to tout progress in diversifying the company, which aims to rely less on the giant data center operators that have fueled its runaway growth. Most Read from Bloomberg Spot the Difference: Putin Gets Trump Treatment From Xi in China Iran Says the US’s Latest Proposal Has ‘Narrowed the Gaps’ Modi’s Toffee Gift to Meloni Ignites Rally in Wrong Indian Stock Iran in Talks With Oman Over Permanent Hormuz Toll System Dow Average Climbs to Record on US-Iran Deal Hopes: Markets Wrap Though spending has continued to surge from large data center clients — a group known as hyperscalers — Nvidia predicted that a vast array of other businesses and governments would soon become a bigger source of revenue. They’re poised to snap up Nvidia’s chips and other computing products to support their own artificial intelligence ambitions. Down the road, so-called physical AI will bring a colossal new opportunity in the form of robots and automated vehicles, Chief Executive Officer Jensen Huang said on a conference call with analysts. “We’ve got it all covered,” he said. But investors have become harder to impress. Even after the company beat analysts’ estimates with its results and forecast, the shares fell 1.8% to $219.51 in New York on Thursday. Shareholders weren’t swayed by an expansion of investor rewards, including a massive increase to the company’s dividend. Sales in the three months ending in July will be about $91 billion, the company said in its quarterly report. That topped the average estimate of $87 billion, though analysts’ projections ranged as high as $96 billion, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. At the same time, the company is facing the first major challenges to its dominance in AI computing, with a variety of chipmakers trying to carve out a piece of the business. And major buyers of Nvidia’s technology are developing their own in-house components. Nvidia shares had gained 20% this year heading into the report. That increase outpaced the S&P 500 but trailed most major chip peers. Nvidia is the top seller of AI accelerators, chips used to develop artificial intelligence models. But it faces growing competition from across Silicon Valley. Advanced Micro Devices Inc. has rival processors, and Broadcom Inc. and Alphabet Inc.’s Google are attacking the market with their own technology. Nvidia remains in an enviable position, with Wall Street predicting that the company’s revenue will account for more than a third of the entire semiconductor sector’s sales this year. “The build-out of AI factories — the largest infrastructure expansion in human history — is accelerating at extraordinary speed,” Huang said in a statement. Data center spending, which is the main source of Nvidia’s revenue, hasn’t shown signs of letting up. Hyperscalers plan to shell out a combined total of roughly $725 billion on AI this year. And based on Nvidia’s latest results, revenue from those companies continues to outpace other sources. That hasn’t just buoyed sales of accelerators. General-purpose CPUs, or central processing units, also are in greater demand. That’s lifted results for Intel Corp. and AMD. Chip upstarts are getting a boost as well: Cerebras Systems Inc., which offers a novel product based on large pieces of silicon, had the year’s biggest initial public offering last week. Santa Clara, California-based Nvidia doesn’t just sell accelerators. It offers a range of chips, as well as networking, software, AI models and even complete computer systems. That helps make its reach and capabilities unassailable, Nvidia management has argued. The company has said it has more orders than it can fill and is investing to add supply to meet that demand. In the three months ended April 26, Nvidia’s sales gained 85% to $81.6 billion. Analysts had estimated $79.2 billion on average. Profit, minus certain items, climbed to $1.87 a share. That beat a projection of $1.77. Adjusted gross margin, the percentage of revenue remaining after deducting costs of production, was 75%. Nvidia boosted its quarterly dividend to 25 cents a share from a penny. And the chipmaker announced $80 billion in stock repurchases. Nvidia’s all-important data center unit generated revenue of $75.2 billion, compared with an estimate of $73.5 billion. Networking, part of the data center division, delivered $14.8 billion in sales, versus an estimate of $12.7 billion. As part of its report, Nvidia said it was transitioning to a new framework that would better reflect “its current and future growth drivers.” Its data center sales figures will now separate hyperscalers from a group it calls ACIE, for AI clouds, industrial and enterprise customers. The company is on course to record total revenue of more than $370 billion this year, according to estimates. By that measure, it will be roughly 22 times the size it was in fiscal 2021. Nvidia easily chalks up more sales in a quarter than its next three largest rivals combined. Huang has just returned from a trip with President Donald Trump to China, the largest market for semiconductors overall. US export rules have stymied Nvidia’s growth in that country by restricting sales of AI accelerators on national security grounds. The Trump administration has begun allowing older Nvidia products to be sold to Chinese customers. But Beijing, trying to cultivate local suppliers, has resisted that initiative. That’s left Nvidia mostly locked out of a market that it has said could generate $50 billion a year. The company said Wednesday that it’s still not getting any data center revenue from China. Meanwhile, Nvidia continues to branch out into new areas. It’s beginning to sell general-purpose processors and is offering chips tailored to the inference stage of artificial intelligence. That’s the point where models are already trained and beginning to handle real-world inputs. The company said it expects to get $20 billion in CPU revenue this year, which would make it the world’s largest supplier. (Updates share trading in the fourth paragraph.) Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek College Kids Don’t Want Your AI Courts Are Swamped With AI-Powered Do-It-Yourself Lawsuits Blame YouTube, Not Just Trump, for the End of Colbert’s Late Show ICE Raids Did Lasting Damage to American Businesses Been Sanctioned by the US Government? There’s a Guy for That ©2026 Bloomberg L.P. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
