Title: Carlisle Q1 Earnings Beat Estimates, Organic Revenues Decline Y_Y
Date: 2026-04-24 15:28
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/carlisle-q1-earnings-beat-estimates-152800410.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude. 
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
Allbirds' AI pivot shows signs of froth in markets, but experts say the underlying fundamentals in AI remain strong.
Dow leaps 850 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch new records in stunning rally amid US-Iran diplomacy hopes
Stocks climbed at the open and oil fell as Iran said the Strait of Hormuz is 'completely open'
The stock market has notched one of its fastest turnarounds in years
Europe is facing a severe jet fuel shortage, with 'maybe six weeks of jet fuel left'
Stocks rebound after Trump says Israel, Lebanon agreed to ceasefire
S&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq rise, with fresh records in view amid hopes for truce
Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions
S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses
The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company
S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled
Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher
US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI
JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks'
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Carlisle Companies Incorporated CSL reported first-quarter 2026 adjusted earnings of $3.63 per share, which beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $3.31. However, the bottom line increased 1% year over year.Carlisle’s total revenues of $1.05 billion missed the consensus estimate of $1.06 billion and decreased 4% year over year. Organic revenues fell 5% year over year. Acquisitions boosted the top line by 0.4% while foreign-currency translation had a positive impact of 0.6%.
Carlisle has divested its Carlisle Interconnect Technologies segment. The company now reports under the following two segments.Revenues from the Carlisle Construction Materials segment decreased 5.1% year over year to $758.1 million. Our estimate for segmental revenues was $780.5 million. Organic revenues decreased 5.8%. Revenues were offset by the weakness in the new construction market. Adjusted EBITDA of $208 million decreased 4% year over year.Revenues from the Carlisle Weatherproofing Technologies segment decreased 1.1% year over year to $294 million, due to continued softness in residential and non-residential end markets. Our estimate for segmental revenues was $285.7 million. Organic revenues slipped 3%. Adjusted EBITDA of $45 million declined 3% year over year.
Carlisle Companies Incorporated price-consensus-eps-surprise-chart | Carlisle Companies Incorporated Quote
Carlisle’s cost of sales decreased 3% year over year to $688.9 million. Selling and administrative expenses decreased 11.4% to $171.8 million. Research and development expenses totaled $12.1 million, up 13.1% year over year.CSL recorded an operating income of $180.3 million, down 1.8% year over year. However, the operating margin increased 30 basis points to 17.1% from the year-ago quarter. Our estimate for the operating margin was pegged at 14.4%.
At the end of the first quarter, Carlisle had cash and cash equivalents of $771.3 million compared with $1.11 billion at the end of 2025. Long-term debt (including the current portion) was $2.89 billion, flat compared with the figure reported at the end of 2025.In the first three months of 2026, CSL used net cash of $44.7 million for operating activities compared with $1.80 million cash used in the year-ago period.In the same period, CSL rewarded its shareholders with a dividend payment of $45.7 million, up 1.1% year over year. The company bought back shares worth $250.0 million, down 37.5% year over year.
For 2026, Carlisle retained its outlook. The company expects revenues from the Construction Materials segment to increase in low single-digits, while the Weatherproofing Technologies segment is also projected to increase in low single-digits year over year.For 2026, the company expects revenues to increase in low single digits on a year-over-year basis. Adjusted EBITDA margin is expected to increase approximately 50 bps. The free cash flow margin is expected to be more than 15%.
The company currently carries a Zacks Rank #4 (Sell). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
Graco Inc. GGG posted quarterly earnings of 66 cents per share in the first quarter of 2026, missing the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 75 cents per share. This compares with earnings of 70 cents per share a year ago.Graco posted revenues of $540.1 million for the quarter, missing the Zacks Consensus Estimate by 3.5%. This compares with year-ago revenues of $528.3 million.Danaher Corporation’s DHR first-quarter 2026 adjusted earnings of $2.06 per share beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $1.95. The bottom line increased 9.6% year over year.Danaher reported net sales of $5.95 billion, which missed the consensus estimate of $5.99 billion. However, the metric increased 3.5% year over year.3M Company MMM delivered adjusted earnings of $2.14 per share in the first quarter of 2026, which surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $2.02. The bottom line increased 14% year over year.MMM’s adjusted revenues of $6.00 billion missed the consensus estimate of $6.02 billion. On an adjusted basis, organic revenues increased 1.2% year over year.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
3M Company (MMM) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Danaher Corporation (DHR) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Graco Inc. (GGG) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Carlisle Companies Incorporated (CSL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio