Title: HON's Q1 Earnings Top Estimates, Aerospace Technologies Sales Up Y_Y
Date: 2026-04-23 15:34
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/hons-q1-earnings-top-estimates-153400379.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude. 
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
Allbirds' AI pivot shows signs of froth in markets, but experts say the underlying fundamentals in AI remain strong.
Dow leaps 850 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch new records in stunning rally amid US-Iran diplomacy hopes
Stocks climbed at the open and oil fell as Iran said the Strait of Hormuz is 'completely open'
The stock market has notched one of its fastest turnarounds in years
Europe is facing a severe jet fuel shortage, with 'maybe six weeks of jet fuel left'
Stocks rebound after Trump says Israel, Lebanon agreed to ceasefire
S&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq rise, with fresh records in view amid hopes for truce
Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions
S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses
The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company
S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled
Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher
US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI
JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks'
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Honeywell International Inc. HON reported first-quarter 2026 adjusted earnings of $2.45 per share, which surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $2.31. The bottom line increased 11% year over year on an adjusted basis. On a reported basis, the company’s earnings were $1.29 per share, indicating a decrease of 35%.Total revenues of $9.14 billion missed the consensus estimate of $9.27 billion. However, the top line increased 2% from the year-ago quarter, driven by strength in the Aerospace Technologies and Building Automation segments. Organic sales also increased 2% year over year.
Beginning in the first quarter of 2026, the company started operating under the segments discussed below.Aerospace Technologies’ quarterly revenues were $4.32 billion, up 4% year over year. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for the segment’s revenues was pegged at $4.53 billion. Organic sales increased 3% year over year. Strength in both commercial aftermarket and defense and space markets augmented the top line. Sales from the commercial aftermarket grew 3%, driven by increased demand from existing customers. Sales from the defense and space business increased 4% on robust global demand.Industrial Automation revenues declined 11% year over year to $1.42 billion. However, organic sales grew 1% year over year. The sales decline was primarily attributable to a decrease in demand for productivity solutions and services. Organic sales growth was driven by strength in warehouse and workflow solutions, and measurement businesses.Building Automation revenues totaled $1.88 billion, up 11% year over year. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for the segment’s revenues was pegged at $1.86 billion. Organic sales increased 8% year over year. The upside was driven by ongoing strength in both the building solutions and building products businesses. While sales from the building solutions business grew 8%, the same from the building products business also increased 8%.Process Automation and Technology revenues increased 5% to $1.51 billion. However, organic sales fell 6% year over year. The results were driven by strong demand for LNG. However, a slowdown in catalyst reloads and automation projects due to the Middle East conflict offset the gains.
Honeywell International Inc. price-consensus-eps-surprise-chart | Honeywell International Inc. Quote
The company’s total cost of sales (cost of products and services) was about $5.60 billion, up 2.6% year over year. Selling, general and administrative expenses were $1.31 billion, flat year over year. Interest expenses and other financial charges were $356 million, reflecting an increase of 24.9% year over year.Operating income was $1.47 billion, down 14.4% year over year. The operating income margin was 16.1% compared with 19.3% in the year-ago period.
Exiting first-quarter 2026, Honeywell had cash and cash equivalents of $12 billion compared with $12.5 billion at the end of December 2025. Long-term debt was $29 billion, higher than $27.1 billion at 2025-end.In the first three months of 2026, it used net cash of $650 million from operating activities against $597 million cash generated in the prior-year period. Capital expenditure totaled $223 million compared with $190 million in the previous year.Free cash flow in the first three months was $56 million, compared with $191 million reported in the year-ago quarter.
For the second quarter of 2026, Honeywell expects sales to be in the range of $9.4-$9.6 billion. Organic sales are expected to increase 2-4%.HON expects a segment margin of 22.2-22.5%. The metric indicates a decrease of 10 basis points to an increase of 20 basis points year over year. Adjusted earnings per share are expected to be between $2.35 and $2.45. The metric indicates a decrease of 3% to an increase of 1% on a year-over-year basis.The Adjusted effective tax rate is expected to be approximately 21%.
For 2026, Honeywell reaffirmed its outlook. The company expects sales to be in the range of $38.8-$39.8 billion. Organic sales are expected to increase 3-6%.HON expects a segment margin of 22.7-23.1%. The metric indicates an increase of 20-60 basis points year over year. Adjusted earnings per share are expected to be between $10.35 and $10.65. The metric indicates an increase of 6-9% on a year-over-year basis. Free cash flow is expected to be in the band of $5.3-$5.6 billion.
Honeywell has entered into an agreement to divest its Warehouse and Workflow Solutions business to American Industrial Partners in an all-cash deal. The company had earlier disclosed plans to divest its Productivity Solutions and Services unit. Both divestitures are expected to be completed in the second half of 2026.Also, HON updated the expected timeline for the separation of its aerospace business, now targeting June 29, 2026, subject to customary closing conditions.
The company currently carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
Graco Inc. GGG posted quarterly earnings of 66 cents per share in the first quarter of 2026, missing the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 75 cents per share. This compares with earnings of 70 cents per share a year ago.Graco posted revenues of $540.1 million for the quarter, missing the Zacks Consensus Estimate by 3.5%. This compares to year-ago revenues of $528.3 million.Danaher Corporation’s DHR first-quarter 2026 adjusted earnings of $2.06 per share beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $1.95. The bottom line increased 9.6% year over year.Danaher reported net sales of $5.95 billion, which missed the consensus estimate of $5.99 billion. However, the metric increased 3.5% year over year.3M Company MMM delivered adjusted earnings of $2.14 per share in the first quarter of 2026, which surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $2.02. The bottom line increased 14% year over year.MMM’s adjusted revenues of $6.00 billion missed the consensus estimate of $6.02 billion. On an adjusted basis, organic revenues increased 1.2% year over year.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Honeywell International Inc. (HON) : Free Stock Analysis Report
3M Company (MMM) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Danaher Corporation (DHR) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Graco Inc. (GGG) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio