Title:   Sen. Ted Cruz discusses Texas' vital role in AI buildout
Date:    2026-05-05 11-00
URL:     https://finance.yahoo.com/video/sen-ted-cruz-discusses-texas-110000822.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap. Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin) Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know. Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week. April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation. Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower' The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it) Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience' Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press) Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war. If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans. The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020 The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year. Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed Powell holds what is expected to be his final press conference as chair after the Fed keeps rates steady Fed holds interest rates steady with no end to Iran war in sight Elon Musk testified again in the OpenAI trial, describing his behavior at the company and its nonprofit 'halo' A Senate committee confirmed Kevin Warsh, sending his nomination to be chairman of the Fed to the full Senate Stocks slipped at the open as investors awaited a Fed decision and Big Tech earnings The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1 The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings. The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs. Senator Ted Cruz (R-Tx.) sits down with Yahoo Finance Executive Editor Brian Sozzi at the. Milken Institute's Global Conference 2026 to further discuss his state's involvement in the AI boom, while also addressing some of the regulations on artificial intelligence that he is pushing for. you're seeing a boom in your state because of all things AI, data center build out, even I look what Elon's doing with SpaceX. I mean it's probably supposed to go public. This could be huge. What has this AI infrastructure build out meant for your state? And are you seeing any signs of slowdown because from the stock market standpoint, there is a little bit of concern that things are slowing down a little bit. Look, I'll tell you, Texas is booming. and and that's not by accident. Texas uh resolves to be the best environment on planet Earth to create a business, to grow a business, a small business, a large business. You look at something like, let's take Boca Chica, which is the southern tip of Texas down by Brownsville. So six years ago that was just an empty beach, basically a sand dune. SpaceX has built an entire city there. They are now manufacturing a rocket ship a month with precisions down to a 10th of a millimeter. I can't believe these rockets are landing in the middle of the ocean somewhere. and sometimes landing on the platform with chopsticks grabbing them out of the sky and lowering them there. That is extraordinary. And look, the reason why SpaceX came to Texas, the reason why Tesla came to Texas, the reason why Chevron left California and came to Texas. Uh the reason why AI data centers are being built all over Texas is because we want jobs. Texas is the place to build it and that result, it's not rocket science. actually is rocket science a minute ago but rocket science in this case, yes. But look, how do you create an environment where you have lots of jobs? You have low and reasonable taxes, and you have reasonable and predictable regulations. You get out of the way and you let entrepreneurs build and innovate. Do you have and it works. before you came on, you were talking to Governor uh De Santos. He was just came on. Now, he wants to regulate AI from a state level, doesn't believe it'll happen federally. Where do you stand on that? Well, listen, we we have already done federal AI regulation. The only bill that has ever passed I wrote, and that was the take it down Act that we passed last year. So the take it down Act makes it a crime to use AI to create deep fakes of intimate images, either either naked pictures or videos, targeting real people. And this is an exploding phenomenon in particular targeting women and teenage girls. And the take it down Act, number one makes it a felony to post non-consensual intimate images, deep fakes or real, either one. But number two puts an obligation on the tech platform, a federal statutory obligation to remove the content. We got that done. Um I have long been an advocate of kid's safety. There are a whole series of bills that I've introduced. So for example, the chatbot bill, which I introduced just last week, would give parents total control to supervise their kids using an AI chatbot. I will say we've seen horrible instances of chatbots urging kids to self-harm, urging kids to commit suicide, urging kids to commit mass murder. And and and that is wrong, that is abusive and and Congress needs to act. There's another bill I have, which is Kosma, the kids off social media act that bans kids under under 13 from social media, bans algorithmic boosting for kids under 17 and requires schools that are getting federal funds to block social media on campus. I think there are lots of steps at the federal level we can do. The the key is act to protect the abuses, but at the same time, we are in a race with China to win the the race for AI. And if we lose lose to China, it would be the most catastrophic economic decision in American history, so we can't lose. Weʼre unable to load stories right now. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
