Title: Buy UnitedHealth or Humana Stock as Medicare Advantage Rates Increase?
Date: 2026-04-07 23:44
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/healthcare/articles/buy-unitedhealth-humana-stock-medicare-234400124.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian. 
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
Nike set the stage for a turnaround, but global events keep getting in its way
Bank of America rips up its economic forecasts as it braces for $100 oil all year on Iran war disruptions
The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) finalized a much larger-than-expected increase in Medicare Advantage payment rates for 2027, triggering a broad relief rally across health insurer stocks on Monday.
UnitedHealth Group UNH) and Humana’s HUM) stock led the way, spiking over 8% in today’s trading session, respectively. 
Although both healthcare giants are known for their lucrative earnings potential and bring in over $100 billion in annual revenue, their stocks have plummeted in recent years due to rising costs.  
This certainly makes it a worthy topic of whether it’s time to buy UnitedHealth or Humana stock for an extended rebound.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
 
Notably, the CMS approved a 2.48% increase in Medicare Advantage reimbursements for 2027, far above the 0.09% increase initially proposed in January and above what analysts expected.
This decision effectively removes major regulatory fears that had weighed heavily on UnitedHealth, Humana, and the entire managed-care sector. The finalized rates translate to over $13 billion in additional Medicare Advantage payments flowing to insurers in 2027, and should noticeably improve their outlook.
As illustrated by UnitedHealth and Humana’s lackluster stock performance of late, investors had priced in a worst-case scenario for Medicare Advantage margins. However, the CMS’s decision reverses that narrative, giving insurers more breathing room on reimbursement rates and improving earnings visibility.
 
Based on Zacks estimates, UnitedHealth’s annual sales are currently expected to dip 1% in fiscal 2026 but are projected to rebound and rise 4% next year to $457.29 billion.
UnitedHealth’s annual earnings are expected to rise 8% this year and are projected to spike another 13% in FY27 to $19.95 per share. That said, this still represents a noticeable contraction from EPS of over $20.00 from FY22-FY24.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
As for Humana, annual sales are currently expected to increase 24% this year and are projected to rise another 6% in FY27 to $170.91 billion. 
Although Humana’s top line expansion remains appealing, rising costs have been more apparent with FY26 EPS forecast at $9.70, which would be a 43% decrease from $17.14 per share last year.
Optimistically, Humana’s EPS is projected to rebound to $15.43 in FY27, although this would still be a noticeable contraction from FY25 and earnings of more than $20.00 per share from FY21-FY23.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
 
Along with what is now a more favorable Medicare Advantage outlook, what UnitedHealth and Humana stock have working in their favor is that they are trading at attractive valuations.
UnitedHealth especially stands out at a 15X forward earnings multiple, which is roughly on par with their Zacks Medical-HMOs Industry average. Humana stock, on the other hand, trades at 18X forward earnings but is still nicely beneath the benchmark S&P 500’s 22X.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
UNH and HUM also trade well under the often preferred level of less than 2X forward sales, as do most of their industry peers, with the S&P 500 at nearly 5X. Humana has the lower forward price-to-sales ratio at just 0.1X, with UnitedHealth at 0.5X.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
 
UnitedHealth and Humana stock currently land a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold), but buy ratings could be on the way, considering EPS revisions are likely to rise for these healthcare giants with the CMS raising Medicare Advantage payment rates.
While Humana stock has the more affordable price tag, UnitedHealth’s valuation is just as intriguing and UNH offers a more enticing 3.14% annual dividend yield.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (UNH) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Humana Inc. (HUM) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
