Title: UnitedHealth Stock Jumps on Better-Than-Expected Medicare Advantage Rates. Here's Why the Rally Might Be Short-Lived
Date: 2026-04-08 14:20
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/08/unitedhealth-stock-jumps-on-better-than-expected-m/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
The company reports earnings in a few weeks, which could sink the stock again.
Shares of UnitedHealth Group (UNH +0.45%) jumped more than 9% on Tuesday on news that Medicare Advantage rates would be going up by 2.48% in 2027. Previously, the Trump administration suggested just a 0.09% change, which was far lower than analysts were expecting.
While this is positive news for the health insurance giant, and the stock has been rallying, investors shouldn't assume it's off to the races. The company reports earnings in a few weeks, and the stock could end up giving back any gains it has generated up until then.
Image source: Getty Images.
A big reason UnitedHealth's stock has been taking a beating in recent years hasn't been due to Medicare Advantage rates. Instead, there have been concerns over consistently high costs. Last year, its medical care ratio, which is a measure of how much of premiums are being used to cover medical claims, was up to 89%. It has normally been far lower in the past, closer to around 80%, and that difference can have a big impact on the bottom line.
And while the boost to Medicare Advantage rates is encouraging and will help with the company's overall profits, investors shouldn't forget that it's still less than the 4% to 6% increase that analysts were expecting earlier this year.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
When the company reports earnings on April 21, investors could get a reality check and see that the healthcare stock, which is down more than 40% over the past 12 months, still has a long road ahead to recovery. This rally may not end up lasting for long.




Nvidia’s CEO just revealed that one breakthrough could create more millionaires in the next five years than the internet did in two decades.
Amazon’s Jeff Bezos says it is “hard to overstate the impact.” And Cathie Wood projects AI could be an $80 trillion opportunity by 2030. That is the equivalent of 18 Nvidias, 29 Microsofts, or 35 Amazons.
But here’s what most investors miss: almost all that growth runs through a single choke point. One little-known company, called an “Indispensable Monopoly,” provides the critical technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size. We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name.
Continue ›
David Jagielski, CPA has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends UnitedHealth Group. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 35 Amazons.
What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
