Title: More people are turning to AI to help navigate tight finances
Date: 2026-04-23 11:33
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/economy/article/more-people-are-turning-to-ai-to-help-navigate-tight-finances-113321794.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude. 
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
Allbirds' AI pivot shows signs of froth in markets, but experts say the underlying fundamentals in AI remain strong.
Dow leaps 850 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch new records in stunning rally amid US-Iran diplomacy hopes
Stocks climbed at the open and oil fell as Iran said the Strait of Hormuz is 'completely open'
The stock market has notched one of its fastest turnarounds in years
Europe is facing a severe jet fuel shortage, with 'maybe six weeks of jet fuel left'
Stocks rebound after Trump says Israel, Lebanon agreed to ceasefire
S&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq rise, with fresh records in view amid hopes for truce
Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions
S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses
The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company
S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled
Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher
US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI
JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks'
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Nearly three-quarters of Americans expect inflation and everyday costs to be major factors in their financial well-being this year, and a growing number are counting on artificial intelligence to help them steer through it.
While people are worrying about making ends meet, more than 7 in 10 feel optimistic about their financial future, according to new Bank of America data.
What drives impulsive spending despite savings goals?
How are Americans using AI for financial guidance?
Why are younger generations prioritizing spending over saving?
How is inflation affecting Americans' financial priorities this year?
“Americans are prioritizing financial health at about the same rate as physical and mental well-being,” Lora Monfared, head of consumer credit card products at Bank of America, told Yahoo Finance.
It’s a breath of fresh air amid the hard-to-escape hand-wringing over economic uncertainty and market volatility. People are also determined to increase their savings this year and pay off their credit card debt.
Read more: Americans are using AI for financial advice more than you think
That’s grand, in theory, but it’s not always happening. Money angst is pushing many people to make rash purchases and other impulsive spending due to stress or anxiety, rising to 62% among Gen Z.
So, even though people say they’re putting savings top of mind this year, 44% of Americans also say they prioritize spending on day-to-day treats and experiences over saving for the future.
That mindset balloons among younger people — logging in at 6 in 10 Gen Zers and more than half (55%) of millennials, compared to 4 in 10 Gen Xers and 25% of baby boomers.
“The goal isn’t to eliminate spending,” Alvin Carlos, a certified financial planner and financial adviser at District Capital Management in Washington, D.C., said. “It’s to spend intentionally on the things that matter and cut the rest.”
My two cents: To resist making an online impulse buy, put the item in your “shopping bag” and go for a walk. That’s the best kind of dopamine rush.
Most people have trouble coming clean about this psychological spending urge and might even be embarrassed by it or have regrets.
And that’s where artificial intelligence may be coming to the rescue. AI doesn’t judge your spending habits in quite the same ways as a financial adviser might. The most common uses folks are tapping AI for are creating a budget, learning basic financial concepts, reviewing investment recommendations, and auditing their personal financial situation, according to this report.
Have a question about retirement? Personal finances? Anything career-related? Click here to drop Kerry Hannon a note.
That doesn’t mean everyone is gung-ho about accepting AI financial advice and recommendations. More than half of Americans “generally or somewhat trust the technology,” according to the report. Yet about the same number “generally or somewhat question its accuracy.”
“AI has made personal finance way more accessible, and that's a good thing,” Carlos said. “But you shouldn’t rely on it for actual financial advice. It doesn’t know your full financial picture. A good financial plan starts with the right question, not just a fast answer.”
Kerry Hannon is a Senior Columnist at Yahoo Finance. She is a career and retirement strategist and the author of 14 books, including "Retirement Bites: A Gen X Guide to Securing Your Financial Future," "In Control at 50+: How to Succeed in the New World of Work," and "Never Too Old to Get Rich." Follow her on Bluesky and X.
Sign up for the Mind Your Money newsletter
Click here for the latest personal finance news to help you with investing, paying off debt, buying a home, retirement, and more
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio