Title: Wall Street Predicts Record Trading Revenue amid Market Jitters
Date: 2026-04-13 04:01
URL: https://www.thedailyupside.com/finance/banking/wall-street-predicts-record-trading-revenue-from-biggest-us-banks/?.tsrc=rss

Content:
The upbeat earnings reports Wall Street expects from the largest US banks are once again being overshadowed — this year, by the Iran War.
Mallika Mitra
Guest Contributor to The Daily Upside
It’s déjà vu for big banks: Last April, blockbuster earnings were overshadowed by the specter of a trade war; this year, record margins are being eclipsed by the reality of a shooting one.
Goldman Sachs kicks off first-quarter reporting today, followed by JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo and Citigroup on Tuesday. Bank of America and Morgan Stanley are up on Wednesday.
Bank execs have a lot on their mind. Besides the war and Friday’s skunky CPI report, Wall Street continues to wrestle with what artificial intelligence disruption could mean for the entire economy. And don’t forget theprivate credit market woesthat were top of mind before the Iran War.
As JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon said in hisletter to shareholderslast week, “Some of the larger risks are much like tectonic plates, always moving and periodically causing earthquakes and volcanoes when they crash into each other.”
Still, banks are likely to offer the markets some relief. Anxious investors trade more, which is good for them: The largest banks are expected to post a record $18 billion in stock-trading revenue for the quarter ending March 31, according to estimates fromBloomberg. That’s a roughly 14% increase from the same period last year. The analysts estimate $4.79 billion from Goldman Sachs, $4.67 billion from Morgan Stanley and nearly $4.4 billion from JPMorgan Chase.
But net interest income (or NII, the difference between what banks earn from charging interest on loans and what they pay depositors) will be the biggest factor to keep an eye on, Sean Dunlop, director of equity research at Morningstar, toldThe Daily Upside:
Bargain Buy:Morningstar’s top stock pick among the major banks is Bank of America. “Trading at roughly a 15% discount to fair value, it’s essentially a junior varsity JPM at a compelling price,” Dunlop says.
A record year for Wall Street bonuses is driving real estate investment, from luxury coastal property to workforce housing in the heartland.
Americans are playing the most golf in decades, but capitalizing on the trend requires expert-level finesse for equipment-makers.
In recent days and weeks, private credit funds at KKR, Morgan Stanley and Blue Owl Capital have enforced redemption caps.
The Roundhill Magnificent Seven ETF, which tracks Alphabet, Amazon, Apple, Meta, Microsoft, Nvidia and Tesla, has slid roughly 11% this year.
Ongoing armed conflict in Ukraine and Iran, Dimon wrote, have him concerned about an economic “skunk at the party.”
An ETF makeover for mutual funds, enabled by the Securities and Exchange Commission, may cut taxes for millions and upend the funds biz.
Investors asked to yank 21.9% from Blue Owl’s $20 billion Credit Income Corp. fund between January and March.
The bank says it will increase access to capital, advice and training for 10 million small businesses, up from the 7 million it serves today.
Allies on both sides of the Atlantic have already committed billions to upgrade military infrastructure and boost manufacturing.
Talk about automation is swamping American industries, but are the companies tossing around tech-savvy buzzwords overstating robotic reality?
Is it possible Citrini underestimated the dopamine rush Millennials get when they use credit card points to book a “free” flight to Bali?
The key patent protections on Keytruda, Merck’s immunotherapy treatment that outsold all other prescription drugs last year, ends in 2028.
© 2026 The Daily Upside