Title: I’m a Banking Expert_ Smart Ways To Use a Bigger Tax Refund in 2026
Date: 2026-04-23 14:18
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/articles/m-banking-expert-smart-ways-141804148.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude. 
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
Allbirds' AI pivot shows signs of froth in markets, but experts say the underlying fundamentals in AI remain strong.
Dow leaps 850 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch new records in stunning rally amid US-Iran diplomacy hopes
Stocks climbed at the open and oil fell as Iran said the Strait of Hormuz is 'completely open'
The stock market has notched one of its fastest turnarounds in years
Europe is facing a severe jet fuel shortage, with 'maybe six weeks of jet fuel left'
Stocks rebound after Trump says Israel, Lebanon agreed to ceasefire
S&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq rise, with fresh records in view amid hopes for truce
Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions
S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses
The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company
S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled
Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher
US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI
JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks'
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Many Americans may have received larger tax refunds this year. New Bank of America Institute research found that refunds could be 25% higher than last year, creating an opportunity to reset or strengthen your finances.
Find Out: The Estate Planning Secret the IRS Doesn’t Want You To Know, According To John Liang 
Read Next: 9 Low-Effort Ways To Make Passive Income (You Can Start This Week) 
GOBankingRates spoke with Mary Hines Droesch, consumer spending expert at Bank of America, to get her top tips for making the most of bigger tax refunds in 2026 — here’s what she recommended.
Don’t wait until the check arrives to decide its fate. Instead, consider taking a proactive approach by planning to deposit your refund check directly into your savings account.
With 52% of Americans prioritizing increasing their savings in 2026, your refund is an excellent way to proactively stay on track with your financial goals.
Keep Financial Literacy Month going — learn how the MoneyLion app helps you track, manage and move your money in one place
While general savings are important, a dedicated emergency fund is your immediate financial safety net. For the 32% of Americans who find building their emergency funds challenging, a larger refund presents an opportunity to build up their financial safety net.
Aim to save anywhere from three months up to a year’s worth of living expenses and build toward your goal consistently through small and manageable contributions. Even a portion of your refund can provide peace of mind.
You’ve worked hard for your money, so there’s nothing wrong with allocating a responsible portion of your refund to something that brings you joy. This could be a small indulgence, a memorable experience or a donation to a cause you care deeply about.
After covering your essential financial needs, consider a small splurge or contribution to a cause that you’re passionate about. This mindful approach allows for fulfillment without derailing your financial progress.
This year, Americans are ready for a financial reset. Bank of America research shows that nearly 9 in 10 Americans set financial resolutions for 2026, with 36% focused on paying off credit cards as a top priority.
Your tax refund offers an excellent opportunity to make a dent in paying off high-interest debt. Focus on paying down the amounts with the highest interest rates first. This will strengthen your financial foundation as you continue to save toward your financial goals.
Once your immediate needs are covered, think about how your refund can support your long-term goals. Consider putting some of it into an investment account. You don’t need a lump sum of money to begin your investing journey — a few hundred dollars is plenty to get you started.
Platforms like Bank of America’s Merrill Edge Self-Directed make it easy to begin with only a few hundred dollars. A little planning now can turn your refund into long-term financial security.
More From GOBankingRates
5 Tax Loopholes the Ultra-Wealthy Use That Most Americans Don't Know About
I'm an Accountant: 6 'Big Beautiful Bill' Tax Changes That Will Benefit the Middle Class
6 Safe Accounts Proven to Grow Your Money Up to 13x Faster 
3 Reasons Retired Boomers Shouldn't Give Their Kids a Living Inheritance (And 2 Reasons They Should)
This article originally appeared on GOBankingRates.com: I’m a Banking Expert: Smart Ways To Use a Bigger Tax Refund in 2026
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio