Title: Historic Artworks Receive Funding through BofA's Art Conservation Project™
Date: 2026-04-23 22:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/economy/policy/articles/historic-artworks-receive-funding-bofas-220000201.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude. 
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
Allbirds' AI pivot shows signs of froth in markets, but experts say the underlying fundamentals in AI remain strong.
Dow leaps 850 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch new records in stunning rally amid US-Iran diplomacy hopes
Stocks climbed at the open and oil fell as Iran said the Strait of Hormuz is 'completely open'
The stock market has notched one of its fastest turnarounds in years
Europe is facing a severe jet fuel shortage, with 'maybe six weeks of jet fuel left'
Stocks rebound after Trump says Israel, Lebanon agreed to ceasefire
S&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq rise, with fresh records in view amid hopes for truce
Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions
S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses
The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company
S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled
Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher
US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI
JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks'
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Spanning 10 countries, the 2026 selections highlight the program's global commitment to art conservation
Key Points
Bank of America is awarding 18 Art Conservation Project™ grants to preserve significant artworks in 2026.
This year's projects include the conservation of internationally renowned masterpieces, such as Rembrandt's The Night Watch, Picasso's The Old Guitarist, Matisse's La Négresse, and Titian's Bacchus and Ariadne.
Previous projects include two copies of Magna Carta at the Society of Antiquaries of London, Claude Monet's Water Lilies at the Portland Art Museum and Chen Wen Hsi' Gibbons at the National Gallery Singapore.
All conserved artworks will return to public display, reinforcing Bank of America's commitment to public access. Over 15,000 objects in 40 countries have been conserved through the Bank of America Art Conservation Project™ since 2010.
NEW YORK, April 24, 2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Bank of America announced today that 18 nonprofit cultural institutions across 10 countries will receive grants this year through the Bank of America Art Conservation Project™. The selected projects represent a wide range of artistic traditions and conservation needs, from fragile works on paper to paintings and objects requiring advanced preservation techniques.
This year's selections were unveiled at the Museum of Modern Art (MoMA) in New York City, which received an Art Conservation Project™ grant in 2019 for the conservation of Vincent van Gogh's The Starry Night. MoMA is currently hosting a Marcel Duchamp exhibition sponsored by BofA.
"Every artwork has its own story - which is sometimes hidden beneath varnish, cracked pigment or centuries of decay," said Brian Siegel, Global Arts, Culture & Heritage Executive at Bank of America. "Conservation is the quiet work that brings those stories forward today and for future generations. What stands out about this year's projects is the variety of techniques involved. Some require meticulous surface cleaning, and in others, conservators will use imaging tools that didn't exist even a decade ago. Regardless of the method, the goal is simple: to ensure these works remain visible, accessible and enjoyed by visitors for years to come."
All conserved works will return to public display, reinforcing BofA's commitment to public access. Since 2010, the Bank of America Art Conservation Project™ has supported over 15,000 conservation projects in 40 countries, helping safeguard historically and culturally significant works that are vulnerable to time and environmental stress.
This year's projects include:
13 lobby murals at the Apollo Theater in New York
The Palms of the Arc de Triomphe at the Centre des Monuments Nationaux in Paris
The Judgement of Paris by Jacob de Backer at the Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj Vastu Sangrahalaya (CSMVS) in Mumbai
Transfiguration by Camillo Procaccini at Duomo di Milano in Milan
Four seventeenth-century tapestries by Raphael de la Planche at the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum in Boston
More than 3,100 artworks at La Casa del Libro Museum in San Juan
The Meeting of Dante and Virgil by Francesco Salviati, under the direction of Jan Rost, at the Minneapolis Institute of Art
Juggler by Alice Rahon at the Montreal Museum of Fine Arts
52 paintings by Francisco Laso de los Ríos at Museo de Arte de Lima
Baltazar de Borba Gato delivering the first shipment of gold from Brazil to the King of Portugal and José Bonifácio by Aldo Locatelli at Museu Paulista da Universidade de Sao Paulo
La Négresse by Henri Matisse at the National Gallery of Art in Washington, D.C.
The Night Watch by Rembrandt van Rijn at Rijksmuseum in Amsterdam
Shadow Over the Land by Benny Andrews at the San José Museum of Art
The Four Accomplishments and Immortal by Kano Sōgen Shigenobu at the Seattle Art Museum
The Old Guitarist by Pablo Picasso at the Art Institute of Chicago
With Liberty and Justice for All (A Work in Progress) by Jim Hodges at The Contemporary Austin
Bacchus and Ariadne by Titian at the National Gallery in London
Gaki Zōshi (Scroll of Hungry Ghosts) at the Tokyo National Museum
A brochure with additional information about selected projects is available here.
Bank of America
Bank of America is one of the world's leading financial institutions, serving individual consumers, small and middle-market businesses and large corporations with a full range of banking, investing, asset management and other financial and risk management products and services. The company provides unmatched convenience in the United States, serving nearly 70 million clients with approximately 3,500 retail financial centers, approximately 15,000 ATMs (automated teller machines) and award-winning digital banking with approximately 59 million verified digital users. Bank of America is a global leader in wealth management, corporate and investment banking and trading across a broad range of asset classes, serving corporations, governments, institutions and individuals around the world. Bank of America offers industry leading support to approximately 4 million small business households through a suite of innovative, easy-to-use online products and services. The company serves clients through operations across the United States, its territories and more than 35 countries. Bank of America Corporation stock (NYSE: BAC) is listed on the New York Stock Exchange.
At Bank of America, we believe that investing in the arts has a positive impact on our lives. We support a wide range of nonprofit organizations with funding and programming to help make the arts more accessible to communities around the world and to preserve works of art and heritage sites for generations to come. For more information about how we support the arts, please visit our Bank of America arts website.
For more Bank of America news, including dividend announcements and other important information, visit the Bank of America newsroom and register for news email alerts.
Reporters may contact
AnnMarie McDonald, Bank of America Phone: 1.332.234.8635annmarie.mcdonald@bofa.com
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio