Title: Bank of America (BAC) Remains in Warren Buffett’s Portfolio Since 2011; See Why
Date: 2026-04-23 17:01
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/bank-america-bac-remains-warren-170137876.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude. 
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
Allbirds' AI pivot shows signs of froth in markets, but experts say the underlying fundamentals in AI remain strong.
Dow leaps 850 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch new records in stunning rally amid US-Iran diplomacy hopes
Stocks climbed at the open and oil fell as Iran said the Strait of Hormuz is 'completely open'
The stock market has notched one of its fastest turnarounds in years
Europe is facing a severe jet fuel shortage, with 'maybe six weeks of jet fuel left'
Stocks rebound after Trump says Israel, Lebanon agreed to ceasefire
S&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq rise, with fresh records in view amid hopes for truce
Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions
S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses
The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company
S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled
Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher
US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI
JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks'
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Bank of America Corporation (NYSE:BAC) is included in our list of the best Warren Buffett stocks.
Pixabay/Public Domain
Bank of America Corporation (NYSE:BAC) has remained in Warren Buffett’s holdings since 2011, when the billionaire acquired a $5 billion stake in the bank through preferred shares. Later, in Q3 2017, he acquired 679 million common shares, which translated into a $17.21 billion stake.
Despite reducing his stake, Buffett enjoyed a significant return through BAC stock over the years. As of Q4 2025, Berkshire’s investment in the bank totals $28.45 billion, representing 517.30 million shares.
Bank of America Corporation (NYSE:BAC) remains popular among hedge funds as well, with 118 out of 1,041 hedge funds remaining bullish on the stock. The combined hedge fund stake in the company totals $39.26 billion as of Q4 2025.
Bank of America Corporation (NYSE:BAC)’s bullish case centers on the view that a high-quality, diversified financial franchise continues to be valued based on near-term uncertainties rather than its long-term earnings power and capital return potential. While the stock is down under 3% in 2026 so far, it is gaining momentum, with a one-month gain of roughly 14% as of April 20, 2026.
A bullish thesis published on The Passive Income Portfolio’s Substack argued that concerns around net interest income, commercial real estate exposure, and unrealized HTM losses have overshadowed Bank of America Corporation (NYSE:BAC)’s core strengths, including its large low-cost deposit base, diversified revenue streams across Global Banking and Merrill’s wealth management platform, an payout ratio of around 32%, a 12-year track record of dividend growth, and continued capacity for share buybacks and dividend increases. The Passive Income Portfolio, a Substack publication, focuses on dividend growth investing and strategies, helping investors build long-term wealth through compounding returns.
That view is further supported by management commentary and recent operating trends.
Meanwhile, in January 2026, Jim Cramer said Bank of America Corporation (NYSE:BAC) trading at 15 times earnings was “an insult” to CEO Brian Moynihan and later described the bank as one that can deliver strong long-term returns even if the sector faces near-term pressure.
On March 10, 2026, Co-President Dean Athanasia noted that first-quarter net interest income was tracking at least 7% higher year-over-year, with investment banking revenue projected to increase about 10% and Markets revenue growth guided in the low double-digit range.
Management’s fourth-quarter 2025 results added to this case, which featured 7% year-over-year revenue growth, 18% EPS growth, and 10% NII growth. The company also reported 28 consecutive quarters of new net checking account growth, returned more than $30 billion to shareholders in 2025, and maintained an 11.4% CET1 ratio, reinforcing the view that BAC remains a durable compounder despite Basel III, CCAR, CRE, and HTM-related risks.
Bank of America Corporation (NYSE:BAC) is a bank and financial holding company that operates in the Consumer Banking, Global Wealth and Investment Management (GWIM), Global Banking, and Global Markets segments.
While we acknowledge the potential of BAC as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock.
READ NEXT: 33 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Years and 15 Stocks That Will Make You Rich in 10 Years.
Disclosure: None. Follow Insider Monkey on Google News.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio