Title: Farther Launches Family Office Division
Date: 2026-04-09 10:00
URL: https://www.wealthmanagement.com/ria-news/farther-snags-goldman-advisor-to-lead-new-multi-family-office?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Farther has hired Ben Seidenstein, who previously oversaw $1.5 billion at Goldman Sachs Private Wealth, to lead the new division.
April 9, 2026
Farther, a New York-based registered investment advisor with a proprietary wealth platform, has launched a multi-family office for ultra-high-net-worth families. The RIA has hired Ben Seidenstein, a former Goldman Sachs private wealth advisor, to lead the new division.
Seidenstein will take on the role of global head of Farther Family Office after spending over 13 years at Goldman Sachs, where he oversaw $1.5 billion in assets for entrepreneurs, executives, and private investors. 
In an interview with Wealth Management, he said Farther’s family office would be differentiated from some of the large institutions out there. He contrasted Farther’s in-house, artificial intelligence-driven wealth platform with those of “traditional institutions,” which may have “product allegiances” that could create conflicts of interest in investment decisions.
“Private banking is overdue for a new model – one centered around the clients’ needs, not the institution’s,” he said. “Farther Family Office meets that need by combining a technology-first foundation with a bespoke advisory model to deliver truly customized solutions and elite service for generational wealth management.”
Related:Corient Bolsters Assets, Alts Focus with Deal for $5.6B Vivaldi Capital
Farther’s family office division will look to capitalize on the much-anticipated shift in generational wealth, as families increasingly need help managing wealth transfers and estate planning. But it is not alone among multi-billion-dollar RIAs creating distinct family office divisions. 
Earlier this year, the $3 billion RIA Summit Wealth Group made a similar move to hire an advisor to launch a new family office division. Emigrant Bancorp, the parent company of Emigrant Partners, also recently acquired to start a new family office-focused business unit, and $580 billion RIA Wealthspire formally launched a family office practice targeting UHNW clients.
Farther’s family office will not have minimums for clients, according to the firm, citing the rationale that “entrepreneurs, creators, and builders” may see large asset gains from liquidity events. 
Farther said it will give families access to investments that include alternatives and customized strategies.
“While traditional firms are incentivized to offer only what can scale across their entire client base, FFO sources bespoke opportunities for each client’s unique financial situation,” the company said, in a statement.
Farther was founded in 2019 as a self-described technology-centric wealth manager. It has since grown by adding advisors and clients, bringing its assets under management to more than $15 billion. 
Related:People Moves: Compound Hires Wealth Head from Focus; Perigon Names HR Chief
In January, the RIA acquired Crooked Tree Capital Advisors, a team of advisors in Petoskey, Mich., managing $160 million in client assets. They joined from Dynamic Advisor Solutions, a Phoenix-based TAMP and advisor support network.
 
Alex Ortolani
Senior Reporter, Wealth Management
Alex Ortolani is a New York-based senior reporter with Wealth Management with a focus on deals, moves and trends in the registered investment advisor space. In addition to financial and business reporting, he has worked in media relations and corporate communications for tech firms and Fortune 500 companies. 
2026 Wealth Management Industry Awards
Trusts & Estates for Advisors
Get the news that matters
Copyright © 2026 Informa Connect Limited. Registered in England & Wales with number 01835199, registered office 5 Howick Place, London, SW1P 1WG.
