Title: Apple, Amazon, Others Not Seeking Tariff Refunds To Avoid Offending Trump_ The President Says He'll 
Date: 2026-04-25 00:31
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/economy/policy/articles/apple-amazon-others-not-seeking-003120459.html?.tsrc=rss

PresidentDonald Trumpweighed in as major corporations, includingApple Inc.andAmazon Inc., reportedly avoided seeking tariff reimbursements. According to CNBC’sAndrew Ross Sorkin, several major companies opting not to claim tariff refunds may reflect a desire to avoid “offending” Trump and possibly to sidestep political backlash. When he asked about the issue during an interview on Tuesday, Trump said, “I think it’s brilliant if they don’t do that, if they don’t do that, they got to know me very well. I’m very honored by what you just said.” Don't Miss: A single bad hire can set a startup back years. Here are the 5 hires founders most often misjudge — and why Still Learning the Market?These 50 Must-Know Terms Can Help You Catch Up Fast “If they don’t do that, I’ll remember them,” the President said. Trump further suggested that such actions contribute to strengthening the nation and expressed his appreciation for the companies that are choosing not to seek reimbursements. “Supreme Court could have helped us,” he added. Apple and Amazon did not immediately respond to Benzinga’s request for comments. See Also:Avoid the #1 Investing Mistake: How Your ‘Safe' Holdings Could Be Costing You Big Time On Monday, the Customs and Border Protection (CBP) launched an online portal to facilitate the process ofclaiming refundson tariffs that were declared unconstitutional under the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (IEEPA). The move was expected to see a flow back of up to $127 billion to importers. However, it is unclear if the customers who paid higher prices due to the tariffs would get anything. However, the process for seeking refunds has drawn criticism. SenatorChris Murphy(D-CT.) stated that the new refund portal reflects the ongoing economic damage to small businesses already burdened by higher import costs. Murphy slammed the requirement for small businesses to complete extensive paperwork to seek refunds for “illegal” tariffs. Image via Shutterstock Read Next: Skip the Regrets: The Essential Retirement Tips Experts Wish Everyone Knew Earlier. Thinking about ETFs? See what investment risks you should be aware of before you buy. UNLOCKED: 5 NEW TRADES EVERY WEEK.Click now to get top trade ideas daily, plus unlimited access to cutting-edge tools and strategies to gain an edge in the markets. Get the latest stock analysis from Benzinga: APPLE (AAPL): Free Stock Analysis Report TESLA (TSLA): Free Stock Analysis Report