Title
Canadian National upgraded by Bank of America on volume gains, attractive valuation

Date
2026-04-09 17:37

URL
https://www.proactiveinvestors.com/companies/news/1090297/canadian-national-upgraded-by-bank-of-america-on-volume-gains-attractive-valuation-1090297.html?.tsrc=rss

Content
Pharma & Biotech
Gold & Silver
Crypto
Battery Metals
Artificial Intelligence
The content on this Site is provided for information purposes only and does not constitute investment advice, a personal recommendation, an offer or solicitation to buy or sell securities, or any other regulated activity. It should not be relied upon as the basis for any investment decision.
Before making any investment decision, you should:
Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future results. The value of investments can fall as well as rise. You may not recover the amount you invest, and in some cases you may be required to pay more.
Emily began her career as a political journalist for Australian Community Media in Hobart, Tasmania. After she relocated to Toronto, Canada, she reported on business, legal, and scientific developments in the emerging psychedelics sector before joining Proactive in 2022. She brings a strong journalism background with her work featured in newspapers, magazines, and digital publications across Australia, Europe, and North America, including The Examiner, The Advocate, The Canberra Times, and...Read more
Proactive financial news and online broadcast teams provide fast, accessible, informative and actionable business and finance news content to a global investment audience. All our content is produced independently by our experienced and qualified teams of news journalists.
Proactive news team spans the world’s key finance and investing hubs with bureaus and studios in London, New York, Toronto, Vancouver, Sydney and Perth.
We are experts in medium and small-cap markets, we also keep our community up to date with blue-chip companies, commodities and broader investment stories. This is content that excites and engages motivated private investors.
The team delivers news and unique insights across the market including but not confined to: biotech and pharma, mining and natural resources, battery metals, oil and gas, crypto and emerging digital and EV technologies.
Proactive has always been a forward looking and enthusiastic technology adopter.
Our human content creators are equipped with many decades of valuable expertise and experience. The team also has access to and use technologies to assist and enhance workflows.
Proactive will on occasion use automation and software tools, including generative AI. Nevertheless, all content published by Proactive is edited and authored by humans, in line with best practice in regard to content production and search engine optimisation.
Published:13:37 09 Apr 2026 EDT
Bank of America has raised its rating onCanadian National Railway (NYSE:CNI)shares to ‘Buy’ from ‘Neutral,’ citing improvements in service, volume growth, and an attractive valuation when compared to its peers.
The firm also raised its price target on Canada’s largest freight railway to US$122 from US$117, implying upside from current levels of about US$110.
In a note to clients, Bank of America highlighted that Canadian National is posting stronger-than-expected volume gains. “Revenue ton miles are up 3% Q1 to date versus our 0.5% target, and above CPKC’s 1.2% Q1 to date; carloads were up 1.7%, above our prior 0.2% target,” the analysts wrote.
The bank wrote that these results are ahead of the company’s flat full-year target, supported by record Canadian grain shipments and above-target intermodal and auto volumes.
Service metrics are also showing improvement, with newly appointed COO Patrick Whitehead credited for operational gains.
Bank of America noted that “average velocity is up 6.7% year-year, well ahead of group average 3% increase.” Despite these improvements, Canadian National shares are trading at a discount to peers, the analysts said, suggesting room for upside.
The firm also identified grain and fertilizers as key drivers of volume growth. Revenue ton miles in these categories were up 13% year-over-year, compared to Bank of America’s prior 6% target. Intermodal volumes also exceeded expectations, rising 4% versus the prior -1% target.
However, the analysts cautioned that volume fundamentals could decelerate in the second quarter due to mix impacts, fuel surcharges, and the absence of carbon tax revenues.
Bank of America raised its price target to US$122, reflecting 21.5 times expected 2026 earnings per share, up from 20.5 times previously.
“CN is trading at a 3-turn discount to peers (18x versus peers 21x average) driven by operating misses over the past few years,” they wrote, and noted additional upside potential from the company’s $3 billion buyback program.
Earnings estimates were modestly increased, with first-quarter and full-year 2026 EPS projected at C$1.77 and C$7.80, respectively, up from prior forecasts of C$1.74 and C$7.75.
Sign up to receive alerts and news direct to your inbox
BioVie CEO Cuong Do joined Steve Darling from Proactive to discuss the company’s novel approach to treating Parkinson’s disease, focusing on neuroinflammation and insulin resistance as key drivers of the condition.Do challenged the traditional view of Parkinson’s as solely a dopamine-related...
Copyright © Proactive Group Holdings Inc, 2026
All Rights Reserved - Proactive North America Inc., Proactive Investors LLC.
Market Indices, Commodities and Regulatory News Headlines copyright © Morningstar. Data delayed 15 minutes unless otherwise indicated.Terms of use.
