Title: HON's Q1 Earnings Top Estimates, Aerospace Technologies Sales Up Y_Y
Date: 2026-04-23 15:34
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/hons-q1-earnings-top-estimates-153400379.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
Powell holds what is expected to be his final press conference as chair after the Fed keeps rates steady
Fed holds interest rates steady with no end to Iran war in sight
Elon Musk testified again in the OpenAI trial, describing his behavior at the company and its nonprofit 'halo'
A Senate committee confirmed Kevin Warsh, sending his nomination to be chairman of the Fed to the full Senate
Stocks slipped at the open as investors awaited a Fed decision and Big Tech earnings
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Honeywell International Inc. HON reported first-quarter 2026 adjusted earnings of $2.45 per share, which surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $2.31. The bottom line increased 11% year over year on an adjusted basis. On a reported basis, the company’s earnings were $1.29 per share, indicating a decrease of 35%.Total revenues of $9.14 billion missed the consensus estimate of $9.27 billion. However, the top line increased 2% from the year-ago quarter, driven by strength in the Aerospace Technologies and Building Automation segments. Organic sales also increased 2% year over year.
Beginning in the first quarter of 2026, the company started operating under the segments discussed below.Aerospace Technologies’ quarterly revenues were $4.32 billion, up 4% year over year. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for the segment’s revenues was pegged at $4.53 billion. Organic sales increased 3% year over year. Strength in both commercial aftermarket and defense and space markets augmented the top line. Sales from the commercial aftermarket grew 3%, driven by increased demand from existing customers. Sales from the defense and space business increased 4% on robust global demand.Industrial Automation revenues declined 11% year over year to $1.42 billion. However, organic sales grew 1% year over year. The sales decline was primarily attributable to a decrease in demand for productivity solutions and services. Organic sales growth was driven by strength in warehouse and workflow solutions, and measurement businesses.Building Automation revenues totaled $1.88 billion, up 11% year over year. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for the segment’s revenues was pegged at $1.86 billion. Organic sales increased 8% year over year. The upside was driven by ongoing strength in both the building solutions and building products businesses. While sales from the building solutions business grew 8%, the same from the building products business also increased 8%.Process Automation and Technology revenues increased 5% to $1.51 billion. However, organic sales fell 6% year over year. The results were driven by strong demand for LNG. However, a slowdown in catalyst reloads and automation projects due to the Middle East conflict offset the gains.
Honeywell International Inc. price-consensus-eps-surprise-chart | Honeywell International Inc. Quote
The company’s total cost of sales (cost of products and services) was about $5.60 billion, up 2.6% year over year. Selling, general and administrative expenses were $1.31 billion, flat year over year. Interest expenses and other financial charges were $356 million, reflecting an increase of 24.9% year over year.Operating income was $1.47 billion, down 14.4% year over year. The operating income margin was 16.1% compared with 19.3% in the year-ago period.
Exiting first-quarter 2026, Honeywell had cash and cash equivalents of $12 billion compared with $12.5 billion at the end of December 2025. Long-term debt was $29 billion, higher than $27.1 billion at 2025-end.In the first three months of 2026, it used net cash of $650 million from operating activities against $597 million cash generated in the prior-year period. Capital expenditure totaled $223 million compared with $190 million in the previous year.Free cash flow in the first three months was $56 million, compared with $191 million reported in the year-ago quarter.
For the second quarter of 2026, Honeywell expects sales to be in the range of $9.4-$9.6 billion. Organic sales are expected to increase 2-4%.HON expects a segment margin of 22.2-22.5%. The metric indicates a decrease of 10 basis points to an increase of 20 basis points year over year. Adjusted earnings per share are expected to be between $2.35 and $2.45. The metric indicates a decrease of 3% to an increase of 1% on a year-over-year basis.The Adjusted effective tax rate is expected to be approximately 21%.
For 2026, Honeywell reaffirmed its outlook. The company expects sales to be in the range of $38.8-$39.8 billion. Organic sales are expected to increase 3-6%.HON expects a segment margin of 22.7-23.1%. The metric indicates an increase of 20-60 basis points year over year. Adjusted earnings per share are expected to be between $10.35 and $10.65. The metric indicates an increase of 6-9% on a year-over-year basis. Free cash flow is expected to be in the band of $5.3-$5.6 billion.
Honeywell has entered into an agreement to divest its Warehouse and Workflow Solutions business to American Industrial Partners in an all-cash deal. The company had earlier disclosed plans to divest its Productivity Solutions and Services unit. Both divestitures are expected to be completed in the second half of 2026.Also, HON updated the expected timeline for the separation of its aerospace business, now targeting June 29, 2026, subject to customary closing conditions.
The company currently carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
Graco Inc. GGG posted quarterly earnings of 66 cents per share in the first quarter of 2026, missing the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 75 cents per share. This compares with earnings of 70 cents per share a year ago.Graco posted revenues of $540.1 million for the quarter, missing the Zacks Consensus Estimate by 3.5%. This compares to year-ago revenues of $528.3 million.Danaher Corporation’s DHR first-quarter 2026 adjusted earnings of $2.06 per share beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $1.95. The bottom line increased 9.6% year over year.Danaher reported net sales of $5.95 billion, which missed the consensus estimate of $5.99 billion. However, the metric increased 3.5% year over year.3M Company MMM delivered adjusted earnings of $2.14 per share in the first quarter of 2026, which surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $2.02. The bottom line increased 14% year over year.MMM’s adjusted revenues of $6.00 billion missed the consensus estimate of $6.02 billion. On an adjusted basis, organic revenues increased 1.2% year over year.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Honeywell International Inc. (HON) : Free Stock Analysis Report
3M Company (MMM) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Danaher Corporation (DHR) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Graco Inc. (GGG) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio