Title: Why Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) is a Top Dividend Stock for Your Portfolio
Date: 2026-05-01 15:45
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/why-johnson-johnson-jnj-top-154503437.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Whether it's through stocks, bonds, ETFs, or other types of securities, all investors love seeing their portfolios score big returns. But for income investors, generating consistent cash flow from each of your liquid investments is your primary focus. Cash flow can come from bond interest, interest from other types of investments, and, of course, dividends. A dividend is the distribution of a company's earnings paid out to shareholders; it's often viewed by its dividend yield, a metric that measures a dividend as a percent of the current stock price. Many academic studies show that dividends make up large portions of long-term returns, and in many cases, dividend contributions surpass one-third of total returns. Headquartered in New Brunswick, Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) is a Medical stock that has seen a price change of 11.06% so far this year. The world's biggest maker of health care products is currently shelling out a dividend of $1.30 per share, with a dividend yield of 2.26%. This compares to the Large Cap Pharmaceuticals industry's yield of 2.29% and the S&P 500's yield of 1.39%. Looking at dividend growth, the company's current annualized dividend of $5.20 is up 1.2% from last year. Over the last 5 years, Johnson & Johnson has increased its dividend 5 times on a year-over-year basis for an average annual increase of 5.37%. Looking ahead, future dividend growth will be dependent on earnings growth and payout ratio, which is the proportion of a company's annual earnings per share that it pays out as a dividend. Johnson & Johnson's current payout ratio is 48%, meaning it paid out 48% of its trailing 12-month EPS as dividend. Looking at this fiscal year, JNJ expects solid earnings growth. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for 2026 is $11.57 per share, representing a year-over-year earnings growth rate of 7.23%. Investors like dividends for a variety of different reasons, from tax advantages and decreasing overall portfolio risk to considerably improving stock investing profits. It's important to keep in mind that not all companies provide a quarterly payout. High-growth firms or tech start-ups, for example, rarely provide their shareholders a dividend, while larger, more established companies that have more secure profits are often seen as the best dividend options. Income investors have to be mindful of the fact that high-yielding stocks tend to struggle during periods of rising interest rates. With that in mind, JNJ is a compelling investment opportunity. Not only is it a strong dividend play, but the stock currently sits at a Zacks Rank of #3 (Hold). Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) : Free Stock Analysis Report This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com). Zacks Investment Research
