Title: Are consumers finally cracking under the weight of $4 gas_
Date: 2026-04-22 11:18
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/are-consumers-finally-cracking-under-the-weight-of-4-gas-111859680.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude. 
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
Allbirds' AI pivot shows signs of froth in markets, but experts say the underlying fundamentals in AI remain strong.
Dow leaps 850 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch new records in stunning rally amid US-Iran diplomacy hopes
Stocks climbed at the open and oil fell as Iran said the Strait of Hormuz is 'completely open'
The stock market has notched one of its fastest turnarounds in years
Europe is facing a severe jet fuel shortage, with 'maybe six weeks of jet fuel left'
Stocks rebound after Trump says Israel, Lebanon agreed to ceasefire
S&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq rise, with fresh records in view amid hopes for truce
Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions
S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses
The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company
S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled
Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher
US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI
JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks'
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
After showing remarkable resilience over the past two months as the Iran conflict sent energy prices soaring, consumers are beginning to pull back.
Or so says a new Goldman Sachs survey of convenience store retailers on Wednesday. The survey measured the activity at 32,000 locations across the United States.
How are rising gas prices affecting consumer behavior?
Which retail stocks are being impacted by consumer changes?
What are current gas price trends across America?
What does consumer sentiment data reveal about economic conditions?
What consumers are doing: The survey found the majority of retailers polled (53%) say they are noticing changed consumer behavior with gas prices around $4 a gallon. Another 37% of respondents said they expect consumer behavior to change if gas prices remain elevated.
In terms of changes, 32% of respondents said consumers are purchasing less fuel, and 26% said consumers are now trading down to less expensive items in stores. Another 21% indicated that consumers are buying less while in-store.
Read more: How to protect your savings against inflation
The economic data: The latest University of Michigan Consumer Sentiment Index showed that US consumer confidence this month has plummeted to a record low of 47.6.
This represents a staggering 11% plunge from March and is the lowest reading in the survey's 74-year history. It even fell below the levels seen during the 2008 financial crisis and the 1980s inflationary shock. The decline was broad-based across all age groups, income levels, and political parties.
Dour consumer moods reflected the spike in gas prices related to the Iran war. Year-ahead inflation expectations increased to 4.8%, the largest one-month jump in a year.
As for gas prices, the nation’s average price of gasoline has fallen $0.09 over the last week and stands at $3.97 per gallon, according to GasBuddy. The national average is up $0.03 from a month ago and is $0.87 per gallon higher than a year ago. The national average price of diesel fell $0.11 in the last week and stands at $5.50 per gallon.
Read more: How oil price shocks ripple through your wallet, from gas to groceries
How consumer stocks are acting: Investors have begun to brace for softer earnings results from fast food players and dollar stores with outsized exposure to lower-income consumers. Shares of McDonald's (MCD), for example, haven't partaken in the broader market rally and are down 2% in the past month. Dollar General (DG) and Dollar Tree (DLTR) haven't done much either, down 0.3% and 2%, respectively, in the past month.
Interestingly, shares of Casey's General Stores (CASY) have surged 19% over the past month, despite what looks to be a more cautious shopper, per Goldman's data. The company is one of the largest convenience store chains in the US with more than 2,900 locations, most of which sell gasoline.
What's equally interesting is that shares of convenience-store staples — energy drinks — have lagged over the past month. Shares of Celsius (CELH) are down 21% in the past month, while Monster (MNST) has lagged the broader stock market rally with a 2% gain.
Bottom line: The reality is the consumer remains mixed at best, and stock-picking in the retail sector will continue to be challenging in the near term. Keep an eye on earnings out of Tide seller Procter & Gamble (PG) on Friday morning to either lend heft to Goldman's survey or take some away.
Brian Sozzi is Yahoo Finance's Executive Editor and a member of Yahoo Finance's editorial leadership team. Follow Sozzi on X @BrianSozzi, Instagram, and LinkedIn. Tips on stories? Email brian.sozzi@yahoofinance.com.
Click here for in-depth analysis of the latest stock market news and events moving stock prices
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio