Title: Why Alphabet is a 'really misunderstood story' for investors
Date: 2026-04-10 20:31
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/why-alphabet-is-a-really-misunderstood-story-for-investors-203147428.html?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading
The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride.
Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started.
Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks
Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg)
Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week
Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be.
Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher
Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO
What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings
The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey.
Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026.
Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains.
Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire
US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October.
US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge
Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite
Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now
Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation.
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Yahoo Finance's"Market Madness" bracket tournamentis rounding out its Final Four pairings, as Alphabet (GOOG,GOOGL) prepares to go head-to-head with Walmart (WMT) to determine who will be competing with Amazon (AMZN) in the finals.
Asterozoa Capital CIO Joe Hegener decides who will move on to the finals as large-cap tech titan Alphabet steps up to retail colossus Walmart in this clash of the corporations.
Yahoo Finance's Market Madness has reached the final four stage. Today's much anticipated matchup sees Alphabet taking on Walmart for a place in the final. Amazon lies in the wait after they took down McDonald's Thursday on Market Catalyst.
And we've got Joe Hegner back with us. He is the Astrazola Capital's Chief Investment Officer joining me for Market Madness brought to you by Everpure. So let's tackle Walmart first. Uh let's go to the YFi Interactive. I have Walmart up about 40% over the last year.
You can see kind of from the lower left to the upper right, although we've stalled out a bit over the last few months. Talk to us about Walmart.
Sure. So Walmart, of course, you know, everyone knows is a is a incredibly well-run business. Um, you know, I think in the last several months in particular, the the runup uh has largely been attributed to this a cyclical trade with with a lot of investment flows in dynamics towards businesses that are somewhat impervious to AI disruption.
So Goldman put a research piece out a month or so ago and I believe it went something along the lines of like heavy assets, low obsolescence, which effectively means
Oh, yes.
Yeah, it's so I mean Walmart's a perfect example of something like that where
Buy low, yes.
Exactly. And so, um there's that, which is a is a major reason in my view why it's been bid up to the extent that it has, but trading up here in excess of 40 times forward earnings, that's a
Not excited about that?
That's that's a high margin tech multiple, right? And that's that's not necessarily, you know, for a for a lower margin kind of brick and mortar business in in logistics business. Um that's that's very rich in my opinion. And I would actually look to maybe harvest gains in in a position like that at this at this stage.
Um but the other thing Walmart also has going for it, right, is we're almost certainly going to get a more dramatic version of the existing theme via this K-shaped economy in the United States over the next handful of months. Um the disrupt the geopolitical um issues and disruption in energy prices, elevated energy. I was just in California a couple weeks ago.
So was I.
It was $7 a gallon.
I do remember that. Sticker shock.
You know and so it's very difficult for me to to um be optimistic about the kind of the lower income consumer. It it's already been quite a struggle since the pandemic from an inflationary standpoint and the price of price of goods, cost of goods, um at in the household. And Walmart is kind of the leading provider of of cost effective solutions to to that end. And so that really should, in our view, bolster demand on a going forward basis.
All right, let's talk about Alphabet. Go back to the YFi Interactive here. Another one-year chart and guess what? Google has doubled off of the lows here uh in late May and you know, recently it's gone sideways, similar to Walmart, but over a longer period of time. Uh Alphabet kind of in what? Four month trading range? Let's call that. So talk to us about what you like or don't like about Alphabet.
Sure. Yeah. So so Alphabet is is I think a really misunderstood story, to to be honest with you. A lot of a lot of analysts focus exclusively on on Google search, right? Because that's a big driver of their earnings and their cash flow profile. And in the early days of talking about AI disruption, inevitably Google search is going to be called into question because, you know, even my my grandfather uses Chat GPT and and now Gemini to answer what he would have otherwise.
Yes.
Fortunately, Google owns Gemini.
So yes. Exactly, exactly, right? And so the proliferation and the acceleration of Gemini, I think is net a huge win for Google. That was a must have. Um but I think more um advantageous to Google and this is less understood is they have an economic interest in just about every promising new technology, whether it be quantum computing, whether it be uh, you know, blockchain technologies. Google Ventures is a prolific investor. And when you're buying in I mentioned Walmart trading in excess of 40 times earnings, Google's trading at 27 times forward earnings, less than 30 times.
Yeah.
Mhm.
And they happen to be a tech company.
And they happen to be a tech company with much better margins. Not only that, but you're you're buying just the cash flowing portion of that business at 27 times. You're completely discounting all of the non-profitable startups and the values values there, right? So we're going to have a couple trillion dollars worth of IPOs worth of non-profitable startups. These these technologies and these businesses I think have an incredible amount of value if you're a long-term investor. And when you're buying Google at 27 times earnings, yes, you're getting the cash flow engine, but you're also getting all of these intangible assets, these other startups that are built into the price.
Who knows, maybe they'll monetize Maps in a big way. Uh let me ask you, because we have to make a decision here. Actually, you have to make the decision. Who's going to the finals here?
Google. Uh Alphabet is going to the finals here.
Going to the finals. All right. Not a big surprise there, but really appreciate you stopping by on a Friday afternoon and all your insight.
Oh, so we got to ask you about Amazon too then.
Oh gosh, okay.
So let's back up here. What do you think about Amazon?
Well, Amazon is almost like the best of both worlds from both a Walmart and uh Alphabet standpoint, right? You have Amazon which is the heavy asset, low obsolescence business via the logistics business. It's such a core part of this economy at this point. And then you have AWS and all of those other kind of investments in that portfolio that really really stand to benefit as AI and computing continue their exponential trajectory, you know, going into going into the future. Their earnings profile that is their very depressed valuation in my opinion. And, you know, not only do they have a incredibly strong economic moat, but they're going to ride the wave of this this automation and AI. Uh...
All right, so I got one more question for you. This uh this segment is evolving here. Uh we have to pick a final winner. So now it's Amazon versus Google's Alphabet. What are we saying here?
Going with Amazon.
Amazon. All right. Pull from behind here. Amazon it is. Right at the top there.
And I we're going to get you out on that. So, thank you for being here, Joe. Really really appreciate all of your insights.
My pleasure.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio