Title: Texas Instruments upgraded, Avis downgraded_ Wall Street's top analyst calls
Date: 2026-04-23 13:44
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/texas-instruments-upgraded-avis-downgraded-134410993.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude. 
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
Allbirds' AI pivot shows signs of froth in markets, but experts say the underlying fundamentals in AI remain strong.
Dow leaps 850 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch new records in stunning rally amid US-Iran diplomacy hopes
Stocks climbed at the open and oil fell as Iran said the Strait of Hormuz is 'completely open'
The stock market has notched one of its fastest turnarounds in years
Europe is facing a severe jet fuel shortage, with 'maybe six weeks of jet fuel left'
Stocks rebound after Trump says Israel, Lebanon agreed to ceasefire
S&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq rise, with fresh records in view amid hopes for truce
Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions
S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses
The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company
S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled
Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher
US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI
JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks'
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
The most talked about and market moving research calls around Wall Street are now in one place. Here are today's research calls that investors need to know, as compiled by The Fly.Top 5 Upgrades: 
BofA upgraded Texas Instruments (TXN) to Buy from Neutral with a price target of $320, up from $235. The company's "solid" Q1 report and Q2 guidance increases the firm's confidence in TI's ability to benefit from industrial resurgence, take advantage in data-center build, and leverage the last three years of capex in U.S. fabs to potentially gain share in an "everything-is-constrained" chip environment, the firm tells investors. Barclays also upgraded Texas Instruments but to Equal Weight from Underweight with a price target of $250, up from $175.
Rothschild & Co Redburn upgraded McDonald's (MCD) to Neutral from Sell with a price target of $306, up from $260. The firm says McDonald's has executed its most comprehensive value reset since the Dollar Menu era. income households" for McDonald's, contends Rothschild.
Craig-Hallum upgraded STMicroelectronics (STM) to Buy from Hold with a price target of $58, up from $28. The firm sees strength in microcontroller unit pricing as a long-term benefit to STMicroelectronics.
Nephron Research upgraded Boston Scientific (BSX) to Buy from Hold with an unchanged price target of $85 post the Q1 report. The company reset expectations, which "clears a path" for share outperformance, the firm tells investors in a research note.
BofA upgraded Murphy USA (MUSA) to Neutral from Underperform with a price target of $550, up from $350. Fuel prices are volatile again and history shows that fuel price swings create outsized upside opportunity for fuel margins and EPS given Murphy's low-cost operating model, says the firm, which is raising the firm's 2026-28 EPS estimates by 26%, 18% and 11%, respectively, as BofA sees continued volatility, higher prices and increased traffic benefitting the company's fuel operations.
Top 5 Downgrades:
JPMorgan downgraded Avis Budget (CAR) to Underweight from Neutral with a price target of $165, up from $123. The shares are trading at an "unsustainable valuation" that is not supported by the company's fundamentals, the firm tells investors in a research note.
Raymond James downgraded Deckers Outdoor (DECK) to Outperform from Strong Buy with an unchanged price target of $133. The firm cites valuation for the downgrade with the shares up 11% since the January 29 earnings report.
Citi downgraded MSG Sports (MSGS) to Neutral from Buy with a price target of $355, up from $337. The firm cites valuation for the downgrade following the stock's recent rally.
BMO Capital downgraded ASGN (ASGN) to Market Perform from Outperform with a $33 price target. The firm is reducing estimates following "disappointing" Q1 results and "weak" Q2 guidance. Truist also downgraded ASGN to Hold from Buy with a price target of $33, down from $60.
B. Riley downgraded Century Communities (CCS) to Neutral from Buy with a price target of $64, down from $75. Century reported Q1 adjusted EPS that beat consensus, but the beat was mostly non-recurring and if one strips out those impacts core EPS was 32% below consensus, the firm tells investors.
Top 5 Initiations: 
HSBC initiated coverage of Oklo (OKLO) with a Buy rating and $96 price target. The firm believes the company is positioned to leverage the new Department of Energy-led licensing process for its 75 MW Aurora powerhouses and fuel foundry.
Rothschild & Co Redburn initiated coverage of Datadog (DDOG) with a Buy rating and $170 price target. The firm believes Datadog offers a "best-in-class growth profile" and will be a "structural winner." Rothschild also started coverage of Palantir (PLTR) with a Buy rating.
Rothschild & Co Redburn initiated coverage of Dynatrace (DT) with a Neutral rating and $40 price target. The firm says that despite trading at a post-optimization low and demonstrating an improving pipeline, it sees no clear near-term catalyst for the stock to work, with near-term earnings risk. Rothschild also started coverage of Elastic (ESTC) with a Neutral rating.
Northland initiated coverage of USA Rare Earth (USAR) with an Outperform rating and $45 price target. With greater than $3B in liquidity and ownership of one of the few producing mines outside of China, the firm thinks USA Rare Earth is "poised to be one of the first rare earth supply chain solutions fully outside of China."
KeyBanc initiated coverage of Sterling Infrastructure (STRL) with an Overweight rating and $572 price target. The firm says Sterling's "industry-high" margins reflects its pivot to a premier infrastructure services company with exposure to the fastest growing end markets.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio