Title: J&J launches enhanced PFA device in Europe
Date: 2026-04-07 10:50
URL: https://www.medtechdive.com/news/Johnson-jnj-varipulse-pro-pfa-pulsed-field-ablation-ce-mark/816836/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
  

                
                    
                        Let MedTech Dive’s free newsletter keep you informed, straight from your inbox.
                    
                
            

The Varipulse Pro pulsed field ablation platform, which has received a CE mark, will be a focus at the upcoming European Heart Rhythm Association annual meeting in Paris.
J&J’s Varipulse device competes with Boston Scientific’s Farapulse and Medtronic’s PulseSelect PFA systems for treating atrial fibrillation, or AFib, a common form of irregular heartbeat that can lead to inefficient blood pumping.
PFA is becoming the preferred ablation technique to treat AFib for its safety and effectiveness and reduced procedure times. In a PFA procedure, electrical energy is used to destroy the tissue causing the irregular heartbeats.
Amid the intense competition, J&J has prioritized growth in its electrophysiology business, with executives committing to releasing a new PFA catheter every year through the end of the decade.
Varipulse Pro, which is not approved in the U.S., integrates with the company’s Carto 3 heart mapping system to support delivery of precise lesions. J&J said initial cases were performed in the VARIPURE multicenter, prospective postmarket follow-up study, and additional clinical studies are planned.
The company will showcase Varipulse Pro at the upcoming European Heart Rhythm Association annual meeting in Paris with live case demonstrations and training sessions. Twelve-month interim results from the VARIPURE study also will be presented at the meeting.
Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts
The devices from Recor and Medtronic are intended to treat high blood pressure. An advisory panel backed the former, but recommended against approval of the latter.
Globus Medical and Thermo Fisher were among the companies to announce billion dollar deals this year, while Medtronic and Boston Scientific called off acquisitions.
Subscribe to MedTech Dive for top news, trends & analysis
Sign up for the free  newsletter. 

                Interested? Explore more of what  has to offer.
            

            Thanks for signing up!
            Please keep an eye out for a confirmation email from
            newsletter@ittnewsletter.com
            To ensure we make it into your inbox regularly,
            add us to your allow list, mark us as a safe sender, or add us to your address book.
            Check out more from
            

Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts
The devices from Recor and Medtronic are intended to treat high blood pressure. An advisory panel backed the former, but recommended against approval of the latter.
Globus Medical and Thermo Fisher were among the companies to announce billion dollar deals this year, while Medtronic and Boston Scientific called off acquisitions.
The free newsletter covering the top industry headlines
