Title: 1 Profitable Stock with Exciting Potential and 2 We Avoid
Date: 2026-04-24 00:29
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/1-profitable-stock-exciting-potential-002923551.html?.tsrc=rss

Not all profitable companies are built to last - some rely on outdated models or unsustainable advantages. Just because a business is in the green today doesn’t mean it will thrive tomorrow. Profits are valuable, but they’re not everything. At StockStory, we help you identify the companies that have real staying power. Keeping that in mind, here is one profitable company that balances growth and profitability and two best left off your watchlist. Trailing 12-Month GAAP Operating Margin: 12.7% Founded and headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, Home Depot (NYSE:HD) is a home improvement retailer that sells everything from tools to building materials to appliances. Why Does HD Fall Short? Scale is a double-edged sword because it limits the company’s growth potential compared to its smaller competitors, as reflected in its below-average annual revenue increases of 1.5% for the last three years Poor same-store sales performance over the past two years indicates it’s having trouble bringing new shoppers into its brick-and-mortar locations Widely-available products (and therefore stiff competition) result in an inferior gross margin of 33.4% that must be offset through higher volumes At $339.03 per share, Home Depot trades at 22.9x forward P/E.Read our free research report to see why you should think twice about including HD in your portfolio, it’s free. Trailing 12-Month GAAP Operating Margin: 8.8% One of the ‘Big Four’ airlines in the US, Delta Air Lines (NYSE:DAL) is a major global air carrier that serves both business and leisure travelers through its domestic and international flights. Why Is DAL Risky? Performance surrounding its revenue passenger miles has lagged its peers Capital intensity will likely increase as its free cash flow margin is anticipated to drop by 2 percentage points over the next year Eroding returns on capital from an already low base indicate that management’s recent investments are destroying value Delta is trading at $68.42 per share, or 12.5x forward P/E.To fully understand why you should be careful with DAL, check out our full research report (it’s free). Trailing 12-Month GAAP Operating Margin: 33.5% Operating over 600,000 net acres primarily in two distinct South Texas regions, Magnolia Oil & Gas (NYSE:MGY) drills and produces oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquids from South Texas formations. Why Do We Like MGY? Annual revenue growth of 19.7% over the last five years was superb and indicates its market share increased during this cycle Attractive asset base leads to wonderful unit economics and a best-in-class gross margin of 84.8% MGY is a free cash flow machine with the flexibility to invest in growth initiatives or return capital to shareholders