Title: Why CEO of Taco Bell, KFC, and Pizza Hut doesn't plan to go viral
Date: 2026-04-25 15:30
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/why-ceo-of-taco-bell-kfc-and-pizza-hut-doesnt-plan-to-go-viral-153036932.html?.tsrc=rss

Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home.
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker.
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude.
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
Chris Turner, the new CEO of KFC, Taco Bell, and Pizza Hut owner Yum! Brands ( YUM ), still remembers growing up on a rice farm.
So one shouldn't be shocked if Turner hasn't participated in the new rage of fast food CEOs posting silly videos of themselves eating their food.
"I have big meals from our brands all the time, and I eat every morsel on the plate and absolutely love it," Turner said. "I will leave the social media to our brand leaders. They're the best positioned to do that," Turner said on Yahoo Finance's Opening Bid Unfiltered podcast.
A new fast food on-camera eating battle erupted in early March. McDonald's ( MCD ) CEO Chris Kempczinski led the way, going viral in a promotional video where he tried the company's new Big Arch burger. The clip was widely mocked for his seemingly hesitant approach to eating the burger, taking an unusually small, delicate bite and repeatedly referring to the burger as a "product."
Capitalizing on the backlash, Burger King US and Canada president Tom Curtis released a TikTok video three days later. It featured him taking an enthusiastic bite of a Whopper and joking that the only thing missing was a "napkin."
Curtis's viral moment also shed light on the revamped Whopper, which has long been the company's answer to McD's Big Mac.
Since then, a host of restaurant CEOs have taken a shot at creating a viral moment — though all have fallen short of Kempczinski and Curtis's moment in the sun.
While other fast food execs are powdering their faces for the iPhone camera, Turner is settling into the top C-suite spot.
Turner officially took the reins as CEO of Yum! Brands on Oct. 1, 2025, following the retirement of longtime leader David Gibbs.
The Arkansas native grew up on a rice farm and later earned an industrial engineering degree. Before joining Yum! as CFO in 2019, he spent more than 13 years as a partner at McKinsey & Co. and held senior roles at PepsiCo, where he led the transformation for Frito-Lay.
During his tenure at Yum! Brands as CFO and later chief franchise officer, Turner was a primary architect of the company's digital shift, spearheading initiatives such as the AI-driven technology platform Byte by Yum!
Turner said he's focused on menu innovation across the brands, the growth of Taco Bell overseas, and deploying AI in areas like busy drive-throughs.
He is also shopping the iconic Pizza Hut brand after putting it up for sale late last year.
"There's likely going to need to be investment in the brand," Turner said. "There may need to be some ownership of stores. So there's a lot of work to be done now. Some of those things are things that Yum! typically doesn't do."
He added, "That's why we're exploring options where there may be some outside capital partners who could take on some of those types of strategies that could help get Pizza Hut get on the right trajectory."
Brian Sozzi is Yahoo Finance's Executive Editor and a member of Yahoo Finance's editorial leadership team. Follow Sozzi on X @BrianSozzi , Instagram , and LinkedIn . Tips on stories? Email brian.sozzi@yahoofinance.com.
Click here for in-depth analysis of the latest stock market news and events moving stock prices
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance