Title: Goldman Sachs tops oil and gas M&A rankings by value in Q1 2026
Date: 2026-04-30 10:55
URL: https://www.offshore-technology.com/news/oil-and-gas-ma-value-q1-2026/?.tsrc=rss

Goldman Sachs topped the value rankings having advised on deals totalling $64.7bn.
Goldman Sachs and Evercore led the oil and gas mergers and acquisitions (M&A) advisory rankings in the first quarter of Q1 2026 (Q1 2026), according to GlobalData’s latest league tables.
Goldman Sachs topped the table by deal value, while Evercore led in terms of deal volume.

						Combine business intelligence and editorial excellence to reach engaged professionals across 36 leading media platforms.
					

							Find out more 
According to GlobalData’s Financial Deals Database, Goldman Sachs advised on deals totalling $64.7bn.
Two-way digital radios have become the industry standard for effective communication. Overtaking analogue radios, digital radios provide higher channel capacities so sites do not have to worry about radio traffic, wide signal ranges that can be further increased with the…
Evercore narrowly missed the top spot in deal value, taking second with transactions totalling $64.4bn.
JPMorgan secured the third spot by value, advising on $58.5bn of deals.
Barclays followed with $7.9bn, and Morgan Stanley with $6.9bn.
Meanwhile, in terms of deal volume, Evercore led by advising on four transactions.
Houlihan Lokey matched Evercore, also advising on four deals.
Goldman Sachs ranked third, Barclays fourth and Jefferies fifth, each managing three deals.
GlobalData lead analyst Aurojyoti Bose said: “Evercore was the top adviser by volume in Q1 2025 and retained its leadership position by this metric in Q1 2026 as well, even though there was a year-on-year [YoY] drop in the total number of deals advised by it.
“Apart from leading by volume, it also gave close competition for the top spot by value. Evercore missed the top position in terms of value by a whisker and settled for second position with $64.4bn in total deal value.
“Meanwhile, Goldman Sachs’ ranking by value jumped from ninth position in Q1 2025 to the top position in Q1 2026, as there was a massive YoY jump in the total value of deals advised by it, primarily driven by its involvement in the $58bn Coterra Energy-Devon Energy merger deal.”
GlobalData’s league tables are based on the real-time tracking of thousands of company websites, advisory firm websites and other reliable sources available in the secondary domain. A dedicated team of analysts monitors all these sources to gather in-depth details for each deal, including adviser names.
To ensure further robustness of the data, the company also seeks submissions of deals from leading advisers.


                Experience unmatched clarity with a single platform that combines unique data, AI, and human expertise.
            


                    Find out more
                    








Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights.
Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. 












                                                                                                                        Offshore Technology Focus : Offshore Technology Focus (monthly)                                                                                                                        








                                                                                                                                Thematic Take (monthly)                                                                                                                        







Visit our Privacy Policy for more information about our services, how we may use, process and share your personal data, including information on your rights in respect of your personal data and how you can unsubscribe from future marketing communications. Our services are intended for corporate subscribers and you warrant that the email address submitted is your corporate email address. 


View all newsletters from across the GlobalData Media network.

		Oil and gas news, data and in-depth articles on offshore projects, exploration and decommissioning and the trends driving technology and innovation

				Powered by
				

© GlobalData Plc 2026
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
