Title: Ceres surges after Goldman Sachs ups target
Date: 2026-04-29 13:33
URL: https://www.proactiveinvestors.com/companies/news/1091427/ceres-surges-after-goldman-sachs-ups-target-1091427.html?.tsrc=rss

Pharma & Biotech
Gold & Silver
Crypto
Battery Metals
Artificial Intelligence
The content on this Site is provided for information purposes only and does not constitute investment advice, a personal recommendation, an offer or solicitation to buy or sell securities, or any other regulated activity. It should not be relied upon as the basis for any investment decision.
Before making any investment decision, you should:
Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future results. The value of investments can fall as well as rise. You may not recover the amount you invest, and in some cases you may be required to pay more.
Oliver has been writing about companies and markets since the early 2000s, cutting his teeth as a financial journalist at Growth Company Investor with a focusing on AIM companies and small caps, before a few years later becoming a section editor and then head of research. He joined Proactive after a couple of years freelancing, where he worked for the Financial Times Group, ITV, Press Association, Reuters sports desk, the London Olympic News Service, Rugby World Cup News Service, Gracenote... Read more
Proactive financial news and online broadcast teams provide fast, accessible, informative and actionable business and finance news content to a global investment audience. All our content is produced independently by our experienced and qualified teams of news journalists.
Proactive news team spans the world’s key finance and investing hubs with bureaus and studios in London, New York, Toronto, Vancouver, Sydney and Perth. 
We are experts in medium and small-cap markets, we also keep our community up to date with blue-chip companies, commodities and broader investment stories. This is content that excites and engages motivated private investors.
The team delivers news and unique insights across the market including but not confined to: biotech and pharma, mining and natural resources, battery metals, oil and gas, crypto and emerging digital and EV technologies.
Proactive has always been a forward looking and enthusiastic technology adopter.
Our human content creators are equipped with many decades of valuable expertise and experience. The team also has access to and use technologies to assist and enhance workflows.
Proactive will on occasion use automation and software tools, including generative AI. Nevertheless, all content published by Proactive is edited and authored by humans, in line with best practice in regard to content production and search engine optimisation.

Published: 09:33 29 Apr 2026 EDT
  
Ceres Power Holdings PLC (LSE:CWR, OTC:CPWHF) shares surged 23% to 616p on Wednesday, without any news from the solid oxide specialist itself. 
The trigger for the strong gain was a report that Goldman Sachs had hiked its share price target to 670p from 530p.
The US bank has a 'buy' rating on the solid oxide fuel cell and electrolysis specialist, following an upgrade last October.
Since then, the shares have risen around 180%, with a gain of over 970% since this time last year, having hit a decade's peak above £15 in early 2021 before plunging to below 60p last year after one of its key partners, Bosch, walked away. 
Since then, work with South Korean partner Doosan has continued, with new collaborations also added, such as with British Gas owner Centrica earlier this month.
And more recently, Ceres boosted its shares with the launch of a new solid oxide fuel cell (SOFC) platform aimed at fast-growing demand from data centres and other energy-intensive users.
The company said its Endura system is designed to deliver onsite power more quickly and at lower cost, with installations possible in months rather than years.
Ceres said the platform could cut fuel cell system costs by around one-third at scale, while maintaining high efficiency and durability, including a five-year stack life.
Goldman highlighted this angle, as AI growth is expected to increase demand for data centres by 160% by the end of the decade, putting strain on power grids and driving demand for on-site power solutions.
The analysts said the Ceres SOFC technology can be deployed quickly to meet these emerging power needs, pointing to orders being received by US SOFC rival Bloom Energy, including a major partnership with Oracle.
Goldman said this key driver is most bolstered by Ceres Power’s partnerships with Doosan and Taiwan giant Delta Electronics, which are focused on producing SOFC systems for data centres.
Ceres and Delta have previously said production would begin by the end of 2026.
Sign up to receive alerts and news direct to your inbox
VivoPower PLC (NASDAQ:VIVO, FRA:51J) Advisory Council member Philip von Wulffen talked with Proactive's Stephen Gunnion about why AI infrastructure is increasingly shifting to the Nordic region and what makes it a leading destination for large-scale data centre development.

Von Wulffen...
© Proactive Group Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Market Indices, Commodities and Regulatory News Headlines copyright © Morningstar. Data delayed 15 minutes unless otherwise indicated. Terms of use.
