Title: Leaders come and go; companies rise and fall. In business, change is the constant.
Date: 2026-04-26 15:46
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/technology/article/leaders-come-and-go-companies-rise-and-fall-in-business-change-is-the-constant-154602885.html?.tsrc=rss

Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home.
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker.
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude.
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
A version of this post first appeared on TKer.co
Nothing lasts forever.
This is especially true in the business world: Entrepreneurs and executives come and go, and industries and companies rise and fall.
These dynamics are very much at the core of TKer Stock Market Truth No. 9 : There’s a lot of turnover in the stock market. Specifically, this observation concerns how stocks are regularly added to and removed from the market and the major indices.
What explains turnover in major stock market indices?
Why do leadership transitions impact stock market performance?
How do successful business model pivots create shareholder value?
What drove Apple's massive growth under Tim Cook's leadership?
But philosophically, Truth No. 9 also speaks to the many changes that long-lasting businesses experience during their time as going concerns .
Last Monday, Apple announced that Tim Cook, its CEO for 15 years, would step down from the top job in September.
This is a big deal as Cook oversaw many of the company’s wins, creating trillions of dollars of shareholder value. From the announcement :
He became CEO in 2011 and has overseen the introduction of numerous products and services, including new categories like Apple Watch, AirPods, and Apple Vision Pro, and services ranging from iCloud and Apple Pay to Apple TV and Apple Music. He was also instrumental in expanding existing product lines. Under Cook’s leadership Apple has grown from a market capitalization of approximately $350 billion to $4 trillion, representing a more than 1,000% increase, and yearly revenue has nearly quadrupled, from $108 billion in fiscal year 2011 to more than $416 billion in fiscal year 2025.
His departure surely has some investors concerned. Indeed, Apple shares fell 2.5% on the first trading day following the announcement, underperforming the market.
While leadership changes don’t always go as hoped, history also shows they can work out well. In fact, Apple is arguably the epitome of what shareholders hope for.
Cook had incredibly big shoes to fill in 2011 when he stepped in for visionary leader Steve Jobs. And he delivered.
"The fact of the matter is nobody is irreplaceable," Berkshire Hathaway’s Ajit Jain said at his company’s 2024 shareholder meeting. "We have Tim Cook here in the audience who has proved that."
Jain, who oversees Berkshire’s massive insurance operations, made his haunting observation after his boss Warren Buffett quipped, "We won’t find another Ajit."
Buffett himself made his comment after the then-recent passing of Berkshire executive Charlie Munger , who had been at the company for over 40 years. Buffett, 95, handed the Berkshire CEO reins to a successor earlier this year.
No one leads a business forever.
Earlier this month, the once-popular, now-flailing shoe brand Allbirds announced a major pivot to its business model.
From the announcement :
In connection with this pivot, the Company anticipates changing its name to "NewBird AI." … NewBird AI’s long-term vision is to become a fully integrated GPU-as-a-Service (GPUaaS) and AI-native cloud solutions provider. Over time, the Company intends to grow its neocloud platform by expanding its compute and service offerings, deepening partnerships with operators and customers, and evaluating strategic M&A opportunities.
People were quick to remember when the alcoholic beverage maker Long Island Iced Tea Corp pivoted to blockchain and changed its name to Long Blockchain Corp. Some noted the time AMC Theatres bought a stake in a gold and silver miner.
All this is to say, people — including me — have their doubts. It’s one thing to pivot to an adjacent business. It’s another thing to dive headfirst into an unrelated business that just happens to be hot right now.
That said, it’s not crazy for companies to make big changes to how they make money . Sometimes it happens gradually — think of Netflix becoming a streaming platform after starting as a DVD rental-by-mail business. Sometimes it happens through acquisitions — think of Berkshire Hathaway, which started as a textile company but bought its way into the insurance business .
There are a lot of prominent companies today in businesses that their founders probably couldn’t have imagined.
Nokia , the Finnish telecommunications company, got its start in 1865 as a paper pulp factory .
Nintendo , the ubiquitous Japanese video game company, originally sold playing cards in 1889 .
Raytheon , the American defense company, was in the refrigeration business in 1922 long before it sold Tomahawk cruise missiles and Patriot missile defense systems.
Samsung was exporting dried fish and produce in 1938 before getting into the electronics it’s known for today.
DuPont , the 200-year-old chemical giant, had gunpowder as its first product .
American Express was delivering packages in 1850 before it got into credit cards.
Bayer , the German pharmaceutical giant, was originally in the production of dyes in 1881 before it started selling Aspirin . (If you dig a little deeper , you’ll find bottles of Heroin with the Bayer logo on it.)
William Wrigley Jr. didn’t originally sell gum in 1891. He gave it away for free to customers who bought his soap .
To be clear, companies don’t have to exit their early businesses to survive and grow shareholder value. Alphabet (formerly Google) still offers search; Apple still sells personal computers; Microsoft still sells operating systems; Amazon still sells books online; and Meta (formerly Facebook) still operates its original social network. But all these companies got into many other massive businesses before they became trillion-dollar corporate behemoths.
At the end of the day, publicly traded companies aren’t out here to sell a product. They’re out here to allocate capital, make money, and increase shareholder value . Sometimes, this means shifting focus away from the original product the company was known for.
Leadership transitions and business pivots don’t always work out.
But the companies that pull it off sometimes go on to become the largest and most successful enterprises in the world.
And it’s often the case that turnover in the stock market and the major market indices can be explained by whether or not a company was able to execute these transitions successfully.
All of this makes investing in the stock market complicated and interesting. Who knows what businesses and which business leaders will be responsible for driving the market higher in the years to come?
A version of this post first appeared on TKer.co