Title: Mercialys: Acquisition of an 8,200 Sqm Retail Park to Strengthen Shop•Park Toulouse Leadership
Date: 2026-04-08 15:58
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/mercialys-acquisition-8-200-sqm-155800163.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian. 
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
Nike set the stage for a turnaround, but global events keep getting in its way
Bank of America rips up its economic forecasts as it braces for $100 oil all year on Iran war disruptions
Targeting over 7.5 million visitors by 2027
PARIS, April 08, 2026--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:
An immediately accretive strategic acquisition
Mercialys (Paris:MERY) has acquired, from a private investor, a retail park adjacent to its Shop•Park Toulouse Fenouillet. This transaction further strengthens its control over the site and enhances its value creation potential.
The acquired asset, comprising the buildings and associated parking areas, totals more than 8,200 sqm of GLA and includes six mid-sized retail units, fully let to leading brands such as Nike, Picard, Centrakor and Maxi Zoo. Its central location within the Shop•Park perimeter makes it an immediate driver of both commercial and operational performance.
The €18.0 million acquisition price (including transfer tax) delivers an immediate yield significantly above Mercialys’ portfolio average appraisal yield.
Consolidating the site’s leadership in northern Toulouse
This acquisition forms part of a broader project aimed at accelerating the site’s momentum. It is being carried out alongside the ongoing redevelopment of the site’s historic section, with the objective of significantly expanding the offering of mid-sized units featuring highly sought-after brands.
Full ownership of the site, which extends over more than 200,000 sqm, will enable Mercialys to further optimize asset management, strengthen its leasing strategy and enhance the overall retail offering, supporting sustainable value creation.
Supported by a particularly dynamic economic and demographic environment, Toulouse being one of the most attractive major metropolitan areas in France, Mercialys aims to establish Shop•Park Fenouillet as the leading retail destination in the metropolitan area by 2027, with annual footfall exceeding 7.5 million visitors.
Shop•Park Toulouse: a high-growth asset
Shop•Park Toulouse is one of the main retail hubs in the Toulouse metropolitan area and fully reflects the transformation strategy implemented by Mercialys over the past decade.
Ongoing investments have enabled a significant expansion of the retail offering, now comprising 130 stores. Over the past 10 years, footfall has more than tripled, increasing from 2.1 million to over 6.6 million visitors. The site now holds a co-leading position within the Toulouse metropolitan area.
As part of this transaction, Mercialys was advised by SCREEB Notary Office, ARSENE TAXAND on tax matters and HALDIS for technical due diligence. The seller was advised by PASCUAL and Associés Notary Office.
* * *
This press release is available on www.mercialys.com.
About Mercialys
Mercialys is one of France’s leading real estate companies. It is specialized in the holding, management and transformation of retail spaces, anticipating consumer trends, on its own behalf and for third parties. At December 31, 2025, Mercialys had a real estate portfolio valued at Euro 3.0 billion (including transfer taxes) with an annualized rental base of Euro 178.6 million. Mercialys has been listed on the stock market since October 12, 2005 (ticker: MERY) and has "SIIC" real estate investment trust (REIT) tax status. Part of the SBF 120 and Euronext Paris Compartment A, it had 93,886,501 shares outstanding at December 31, 2025.
IMPORTANT INFORMATION
This press release contains certain forward-looking statements regarding future events, trends, projects or targets. These forward-looking statements are subject to identified and unidentified risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results anticipated in the forward-looking statements. Please refer to Mercialys’ Universal Registration Document available at www.mercialys.com for the year ended December 31, 2025 for more details regarding certain factors, risks and uncertainties that could affect Mercialys’ business. Mercialys makes no undertaking in any form to publish updates or adjustments to these forward-looking statements, nor to report new information, new future events or any other circumstances that might cause these statements to be revised.
View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20260408410029/en/
Contacts
Analyst and investor contact Olivier PouteauTel: +33 (0)6 30 13 27 31Email: opouteau@mercialys.com
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
