Title: Why the Nike stock sell-off hasn't crossed the finish line yet
Date: 2026-04-07 13:40
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/why-the-nike-stock-sell-off-hasnt-crossed-the-finish-line-yet-134002871.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian. 
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
Nike set the stage for a turnaround, but global events keep getting in its way
Bank of America rips up its economic forecasts as it braces for $100 oil all year on Iran war disruptions
The post-earnings slide in Nike's (NKE) stock isn't finished yet.
Shares of the athleticwear giant plunged 15.5% to close at $44.62 on April 1, the first trading session following the company's latest earnings report and guidance. The stock hit an intraday low of $43.17 on April 2.
It's currently trading at $44.03, bringing the year-to-date drop to 31%. Its market cap stands at a surprising $65 billion, given the company's vast operations, billions in annual revenue, and cultural relevance.
The stock is down 68% in the past five years, compared to a 62% gain for the S&P 500 (^GSPC).
"Turnaround premium multiple likely to fade," Evercore ISI analyst Michael Binetti said. "Nike’s efforts to stabilize the P&L through a tougher turnaround (vs. taking more EPS pain upfront in the early stages of the strategy) seem to be prolonging the turnaround beyond what the market is likely to bear."
The company's earnings day was littered with red flags.
An obvious one was continued pressure on the all-important China business.
Sales in China fell 10% from the prior year, with digital sales down 21% and wholesale off by 13%.
The other point of contention was guidance.
For Nike's fiscal fourth quarter (the current quarter), management reported it expects sales down 2% to 4% and gross profit margins down 25 to 75 basis points. Citi analyst Paul Lejuez calculated Nike's guidance equates to fourth quarter earnings per share guidance of $0.05 to $0.15, below consensus forecasts for $0.20.
Some analysts had earnings per share estimates well above $0.20 for the current quarter, Yahoo Finance data shows.
Analysts have since taken their current quarter earnings per share estimates down to $0.11, just above the midpoint of Nike's guidance.
What's more, Nike said at the time that over the next nine months it expects a low-single-digit percentage sales decline and "flattish" earnings.
"Patience is required here ... work in progress," Jefferies analyst Randy Konik wrote in a note.
Investors will now turn their attention to Nike's fall investorday where hopefully brighter days are pitched.
Said Binetti, "A fall investor day should help realign the incentives and the performance of the turnaround against long-term targets that have been missing for several year. Nike will share its detailed plan for China and showcase innovation at its first headquarters analyst day since 2017."
Brian Sozzi is Yahoo Finance's Executive Editor and a member of Yahoo Finance's editorial leadership team. Follow Sozzi on X @BrianSozzi, Instagram, and LinkedIn. Tips on stories? Email brian.sozzi@yahoofinance.com.
Click here for in-depth analysis of the latest stock market news and events moving stock prices
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
