Title: Iran’s Araghchi Left Pakistan Meeting With US Talks in Limbo
Date: 2026-04-25 15:21
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/economy/policy/articles/iran-araghchi-holds-pakistan-meetings-123333014.html?.tsrc=rss

(Bloomberg) -- Iran’s top diplomat met mediators in Pakistan but left Islamabad ahead of the expected arrival of US envoys as prospects for direct negotiations to end the eight-week war remain slim. Most Read from Bloomberg The Billion-Barrel Hormuz Oil Shock Is About to Crash Demand Gunman Detained, Trump Evacuated After Shooting at Press Dinner Trump Scraps US Trip for Iran Talks, Leaving Ceasefire in Limbo Google Plans to Invest Up to $40 Billion in Anthropic The Hottest Phone for Kids Right Now Is a $100 Landline Foreign Minister Abbas Araghchi was only meeting with Pakistani officials to convey Iran’s “observations,” with no talks planned with the US delegation, a spokesman for Iran’s Foreign Ministry said Saturday. Pakistani Foreign Minister Ishaq Dar said in a social media post that Prime Minister Shehbaz Sharif and other senior leaders met with Araghchi for about two hours. The state-run IRNA news agency reported Saturday that Araghchi left the city after those talks. President Donald Trump is sending his son-in-law Jared Kushner and special envoy Steve Witkoff for talks over the weekend, White House Press Secretary Karoline Leavitt said in a Fox News interview on Friday but their exact itinerary remained unclear. Araghchi earlier posted on social media that the purpose of his travel was to consult with partners on bilateral matters. He has met Pakistan army chief Asim Munir and Sharif. Araghchi’s office refrained from portraying the meetings as mediation by Pakistani officials, who had facilitated the first round of talks in the capital, Islamabad, two weeks earlier, which failed to yield an agreement. Leavitt claimed the Iranians had reached out to the US to arrange the fresh round of talks. “We’re hopeful that it will be a productive conversation and hopefully move the ball forwards towards a deal,” Leavitt said on Fox. She later told reporters that the US has “certainly seen some progress from the Iranian side in the past couple of days,” without elaborating. Vice President JD Vance, the lead negotiator for the US, will not be headed to Pakistan for now, she said. The Islamabad meetings come in the wake of increased US pressure on the Islamic Republic with a continued naval blockade aimed at forcing Tehran to agree to talks to bring to an end to the war that has already killed more than 5,000 people, mostly in Iran. Trump ordered the US Navy to shoot any boat putting mines in the Strait of Hormuz, after the military intercepted two oil supertankers that tried to evade the blockade. Given the restrictions imposed separately by the US and Iran, the strategic waterway — through which a fifth of the world’s oil and liquefied natural gas flowed before the war — remains at a standstill.