Title: JPMorgan Chase Insiders Sold US$149m Of Shares Suggesting Hesitancy
Date: 2026-04-25 11:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/jpmorgan-chase-insiders-sold-us-110013059.html?.tsrc=rss

In the last year, manyJPMorgan Chase & Co.(NYSE:JPM) insiders sold a substantial stake in the company which may have sparked shareholders' attention. When evaluating insider transactions, knowing whether insiders are buying is usually more beneficial than knowing whether they are selling, as the latter can be open to many interpretations. However, if numerous insiders are selling, shareholders should investigate more. Although we don't think shareholders should simply follow insider transactions, logic dictates you should pay some attention to whether insiders are buying or selling shares. We've found 21 US stocks that are forecast to pay a dividend yield of over 6% next year. See the full list for free. The Chairman & CEO, James Dimon, made the biggest insider sale in the last 12 months. That single transaction was for US$40m worth of shares at a price of US$307 each. That means that even when the share price was slightly below the current price of US$308, an insider wanted to cash in some shares. As a general rule we consider it to be discouraging when insiders are selling below the current price, because it suggests they were happy with a lower valuation. However, while insider selling is sometimes discouraging, it's only a weak signal. It is worth noting that this sale was only 2.0% of James Dimon's holding. In the last year JPMorgan Chase insiders didn't buy any company stock. You can see a visual depiction of insider transactions (by companies and individuals) over the last 12 months, below. If you click on the chart, you can see all the individual transactions, including the share price, individual, and the date! View our latest analysis for JPMorgan Chase If you are like me, then you willnotwant to miss thisfreelist of small cap stocks that are not only being bought by insiders but also have attractive valuations. Over the last three months, we've seen significant insider selling at JPMorgan Chase. In total, insiders sold US$99m worth of shares in that time, and we didn't record any purchases whatsoever. Overall this makes us a bit cautious, but it's not the be all and end all. Another way to test the alignment between the leaders of a company and other shareholders is to look at how many shares they own. I reckon it's a good sign if insiders own a significant number of shares in the company. JPMorgan Chase insiders own about US$3.0b worth of shares (which is 0.4% of the company). Most shareholders would be happy to see this sort of insider ownership, since it suggests that management incentives are well aligned with other shareholders.