Title: I’m a Banking Expert_ Smart Ways To Use a Bigger Tax Refund in 2026
Date: 2026-04-23 14:18
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/articles/m-banking-expert-smart-ways-141804148.html?.tsrc=rss

Many Americans may have received larger tax refunds this year. NewBank of America Institute researchfound that refunds could be 25% higher than last year, creating an opportunity to reset or strengthen your finances. Find Out:The Estate Planning Secret the IRS Doesn’t Want You To Know, According To John Liang Read Next:9 Low-Effort Ways To Make Passive Income (You Can Start This Week) GOBankingRates spoke with Mary Hines Droesch, consumer spending expert at Bank of America, to get her top tips for making the most of biggertax refundsin 2026 —here’s what she recommended. Don’t wait until the check arrives to decide its fate. Instead, consider taking a proactive approach by planning to deposit your refund check directly into your savings account. With 52% of Americans prioritizingincreasing their savingsin 2026, your refund is an excellent way to proactively stay on track with your financial goals. Keep Financial Literacy Month going —learn how the MoneyLion app helps you track, manage and move your money in one place While general savings are important, a dedicated emergency fund is your immediatefinancial safety net. For the 32% of Americans who find building their emergency funds challenging, a larger refund presents an opportunity to build up their financial safety net. Aim to save anywhere from three months up to a year’s worth of living expenses and build toward your goal consistently through small and manageable contributions. Even a portion of your refund can provide peace of mind. You’ve worked hard for your money, so there’s nothing wrong with allocating a responsible portion of your refund to something that brings you joy. This could be a small indulgence, a memorable experience or a donation to a cause you care deeply about. After covering your essential financial needs, consider a small splurge or contribution to a cause that you’re passionate about. This mindful approach allows for fulfillment without derailing your financial progress. This year, Americans are ready for a financial reset. Bank of America research shows that nearly 9 in 10 Americans set financial resolutions for 2026, with 36% focused onpaying off credit cardsas a top priority. Your tax refund offers an excellent opportunity to make a dent in paying off high-interest debt. Focus on paying down the amounts with the highest interest rates first. This will strengthen your financial foundation as you continue to save toward your financial goals.