Title: Related Digital Announces Financing for $16 Billion Oracle Data Center Project in Saline Township, M
Date: 2026-04-24 23:16
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/technology/articles/related-digital-announces-financing-16-231600598.html?.tsrc=rss

Related Digital and Funds Affiliated with Blackstone Commit Equity to Fund Project; Fixed Rate, Long-Term Debt Financing Anchored by PIMCO-Managed Funds and Accounts Campus Creates Thousands of Union Construction Jobs and Significant Community Investment DALLAS,April 24, 2026/PRNewswire/ -- Related Digital, a vertically integrated data center development and investment platform, and Blackstone (NYSE: BX) announced today that financing has been secured for Related Digital's $16 billion data center campus in Saline Township, Michigan, purpose-built for Oracle. The financing includes equity from Related Digital and funds affiliated with Blackstone, and fixed-rate, long term debt financing anchored by PIMCO-managed funds and accounts. Bank of America served as structuring agent and financial advisor, with Goldman Sachs and Wells Fargo also serving as advisors to Related Digital. This project will deliver significant community benefits, including: 2,500+ union construction jobs, 450+ jobs onsite, and 1,500+ jobs county-wide Millions in new, annual tax revenues to support the Township, Washtenaw County and Michigan schools $14 million in direct benefits for the local fire department and community investment Utilizing a closed-loop system that protects Michigan's water Preservation of 750+acres of open space, farmland and wetlands "The strength of this financing is a powerful validation of what we have built at Related Digital and of the critical role this project will play in America's digital future," saidJeff T. Blau, CEO of Related Companies and Chairman of Related Digital."We are grateful for the confidence of Blackstone, PIMCO, and our world class banking partners, institutions who understand the scale, complexity, and long-term value of what we are delivering for our partners at Oracle and OpenAI. I also want to extend my thanks to Governor Gretchen Whitmer, whose commitment to ensuring Michigan competes in the innovation economy in a responsible and forward-thinking way has made this possible. Major construction is well underway in Saline Township, momentum is strong, and we are laser focused on executing with the same discipline that has defined Related for more than 50 years." Nadeem Meghji, Global Head of Blackstone Real Estate, said: "Demand for digital infrastructure continues at a breathtaking pace, driven by AI and the broader digitalization of the economy. This investment is another way we are capitalizing on this generational opportunity and helping provide much needed compute capacity. We're excited to back the largest ever investment in the state of Michigan and we look forward to supporting Related Digital as it delivers this critical AI infrastructure."