Title: Why Nike Stock Lost 16% in April
Date: 2026-05-03 05:50
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/05/03/why-nike-stock-lost-16-in-april/?.tsrc=rss

The stock tumbled on earnings and never recovered. Shares of Nike (NKE 2.95%) were among the losers again last month, even as the broad market surged. The sportswear giant fell sharply at the beginning of the month after reporting a disappointing third-quarter earnings report, and it stayed down for the rest of the month after that, even as the broad market recovered on cooling tensions in the Middle East. According to data from S&P Global Market Intelligence, the stock finished the month down 16%. As you can see from the chart below, the stock fell sharply at the beginning of April and never recovered.  NKE data by YCharts Nike stock is now down 75% from its all-time high after the business has collapsed over the last five years. Decisions under former CEO John Donahoe, including pivoting away from the wholesale market and underinvesting in innovation, led to sales growth turning negative, and new CEO Elliott Hill has been unable to right the ship thus far, despite some positive signs. Revenue in the fiscal third quarter was flat at $11.3 billion, or down 3% on a currency-neutral basis, which was slightly ahead of estimates at $11.23 billion. On the bottom line, earnings per share fell from $0.54 to $0.35, though that was ahead of estimates at $0.28.  This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason. The real concern was Nike's guidance as it dialed back expectations for its recovery. Management said over the next three quarters, it expects revenue to be down low single digits, and sees a return to gross margin expansion in Q2 of 2027, which ends in November 2026. Wall Street pooh-poohed the results, and several analysts downgraded the stock or lowered their price targets, as they acknowledged that the turnaround would take longer than expected.  When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 968%* — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 202% for the S&P 500. They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now, available when you join Stock Advisor. *Stock Advisor returns as of May 5, 2026.  Over the rest of the month, there was more news out on Nike, but it failed to move the footwear stock. The company's innovation chief, Tony Bignell, said he was leaving the company after less than a year in that position, an apparent setback for its turnaround efforts. Nike also said it would cut 1,400 jobs, most of which are in its technology department, geared toward making structural changes in the company. In a positive sign, a new Kobe collaboration sold out in minutes, showing it still has the ability to drive demand. Image source: Getty Images. There's plenty of reason for investors to be disappointed after the latest earnings report, but if Nike can return to revenue growth and margin expansion three quarters from now, this could be the low point in the stock. That's a big if, but Nike is still a company with a ton of brand equity, global reach, and an unmatched roster of athletes. If it can reclaim the innovation mantle, better days could be on the way.       Before you buy stock in Nike, consider this: The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Nike wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $496,473!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,216,605!* Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 968% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 202% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors. See the 10 stocks › *Stock Advisor returns as of May 5, 2026.   Jeremy Bowman has positions in Nike. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Nike. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 55 Metas. What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited. Continue ›  *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason. Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services. Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. © 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io. About The Motley Fool Our Services Around the Globe Free Tools Affiliates & Friends