Title: Apple (NASDAQ_AAPL) Posts Better-Than-Expected Sales In Q1 CY2026
Date: 2026-04-30 21:55
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/apple-nasdaq-aapl-posts-better-215528000.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
Powell holds what is expected to be his final press conference as chair after the Fed keeps rates steady
Fed holds interest rates steady with no end to Iran war in sight
Elon Musk testified again in the OpenAI trial, describing his behavior at the company and its nonprofit 'halo'
A Senate committee confirmed Kevin Warsh, sending his nomination to be chairman of the Fed to the full Senate
Stocks slipped at the open as investors awaited a Fed decision and Big Tech earnings
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
iPhone and iPad maker Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) reported revenue ahead of Wall Street’s expectations in Q1 CY2026, with sales up 16.6% year on year to $111.2 billion. Its GAAP profit of $2.01 per share was 3.6% above analysts’ consensus estimates.
Is now the time to buy Apple? Find out in our full research report.
How is Apple Intelligence impacting device upgrade cycles?
Why has Apple's growth lagged behind other tech giants?
What drove Apple's better-than-expected Q1 revenue performance?
What does Apple's guidance suggest about future performance?
Revenue: $111.2 billion vs analyst estimates of $109.3 billion (1.7% beat)
iPhone revenue missed, but Services revenue beat
EPS (GAAP): $2.01 vs analyst estimates of $1.94 (3.6% beat)
Guidance: AAPL said on the earnings call that revenue in the June quarter will increase between 14% and 17% year-on-year, better than analysts expectations of 10% growth
Gross Margin: 49.3%, up from 47.1% in the same quarter last year (beat)
Operating Margin: 32.3%, up from 31% in the same quarter last year
Free Cash Flow Margin: 24%, up from 21.9% in the same quarter last year
Market Capitalization: $3.97 trillion
Although Apple - with its installed base of 2 billion+ devices - displayed epic growth in its early days, its scale has begun to weigh on its expansion. The company’s revenue has only grown at a mediocre 6.8% annualized rate over the last five years, reaching $451.4 billion in the last year. This performance shows its market is maturing and that it must find a new hit product or service to re-accelerate growth.
Apple’s growth over the same period also trailed its big tech peers, Amazon (12.1%), Alphabet (16.5%), and Microsoft (14.8%) over the same period. This is an important consideration because investors often use the comparisons as a starting point for their valuations. When adjusting for these benchmarks, we think Apple is a bit expensive.
Long-term growth reigns supreme in fundamentals, but for big tech companies, a half-decade historical view may miss emerging trends in AI. Apple’s annualized revenue growth of 8.8% over the last two years is above its five-year trend, suggesting some bright spots.
This quarter, Apple reported year-on-year revenue growth of 16.6%, and its $111.2 billion of revenue exceeded Wall Street’s estimates by 1.7%. Looking ahead, sell-side This projection illustrates the market sees limited near-term success for its newer AI-enabling products.
ALSO WORTH WATCHING: Nvidia’s Quiet Partner. Nvidia’s chips cost a hundred grand. The connectors that make them work cost even more. One company makes them all.
Every AI server needs specialized infrastructure the chip companies don’t make. High-speed cables. Power connectors. Thermal sensors. This 90-year-old company built a monopoly on it. The AI boom just started. This stock is still flying under the radar. Claim The Stock Ticker Here for FREE.
Apple’s Products segment includes everything from its flagship iPhone, iPad, and MacBook computers to AirPods and Apple Watch. We are closely monitoring whether the GenAI-powered Apple Intelligence, which was released in September 2024 but has limited interoperability with older devices, can spur an upgrade cycle for the company.
Products sales are by far the biggest chunk of Apple’s revenue at 74%, and they grew by 4.8% annually over the last five years, slower than total revenue. Recently, sales have accelerated, growing at an annual clip of 7.2% over the last two years.
This quarter, Products sales were up 16.7% year on year. Holding aside expectations, the recently improving rate of change shows that more customers are upgrading their devices than before. We’ll be watching to see if Apple Intelligence and iOS 18 can accelerate this trend. Wall Street seems to believe it won't move the needle.
It was encouraging to see Apple beat analysts’ revenue expectations this quarter. We were also happy its EPS outperformed Wall Street’s estimates. On the earnings call, management guided to EPS growth next quarter above expectations. Overall, we think this was a decent quarter with some key metrics above expectations. The stock traded up 3.4% to $280.87 immediately following the results.
Apple had an encouraging quarter, but one earnings result doesn’t necessarily make the stock a buy. Let’s see if this is a good investment. The latest quarter does matter, but not nearly as much as longer-term fundamentals and valuation, when deciding if the stock is a buy. We cover that in our actionable full research report which you can read here, it’s free.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio