Title: Apple CEO Tim Cook says it's the right time to transition his role
Date: 2026-04-30 21:41
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/apple-ceo-tim-cook-says-its-the-right-time-to-transition-his-role-214127762.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
Powell holds what is expected to be his final press conference as chair after the Fed keeps rates steady
Fed holds interest rates steady with no end to Iran war in sight
Elon Musk testified again in the OpenAI trial, describing his behavior at the company and its nonprofit 'halo'
A Senate committee confirmed Kevin Warsh, sending his nomination to be chairman of the Fed to the full Senate
Stocks slipped at the open as investors awaited a Fed decision and Big Tech earnings
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
This is the first earnings call since Apple (AAPL) CEO Tim Cook announced his plans to step down in September, choosing long-time Apple executive John Ternus as his successor.
Before we get into the quarter, I wanted to take a moment to talk about the transition we recently announced.
I just celebrated my 28th anniversary of being here at Apple. 15 years as CEO. In fact, this will be my 89th earnings call.
I'll always be proud of the impact Apple has had on our user's lives and I can't begin to express how grateful I am for our amazing teams.
It's because of them that there is no company like Apple, and I truly believe there never will be.
This moment for the transition is the right one for a number of reasons. First, our business has been performing extremely well.
The first half of this year was very strong, growing double digits year over year.
Second, our road map is incredible. And most importantly, we have the right leader ready to step into the role.
As I have said, there's no one on this planet I trust more to lead Apple into the future than John Turnus.
John is a brilliant engineer, a deep thinker, a person of remarkable character, and a born leader. I know he will push us to go further than we think is possible in order to deliver the greatest products and services for our users.
I have been so proud to call him a colleague and a friend, and I will be even more proud to call him Apple CEO.
Over the coming months, John and I will be working closely together to make sure this transition is perfectly smooth.
I very much look forward to stepping into the role of executive chairman on September 1st.
As I've told John, I will be here to support him in any way he needs and in any way I can.
I am incredibly optimistic about Apple's future, and I know we have the right team in place to deliver on the promise of this company.
I also want to take just a moment to share my profound gratitude for our shareholders, especially our long-term shareholders, for believing in Apple and for your support over the years.
It means a great deal to all of us. With that, I'd like to bring John on the call for a moment to say a few words. John?
Thanks, Tim, and thanks to everyone on the call.
In my view, Tim is one of the greatest business leaders of all time. Stepping into the role of CEO is an incredible honor, and it means a great deal to me to have Tim's trust and confidence.
I want to echo Tim's sentiment about our shareholders, especially those who have been with us for many years.
Thank you so much for your confidence in our company.
As you know, one of the hallmarks of Tim's tenure has been a deep thoughtfulness, deliberateness, and discipline when it comes to the financial decision-making of the company.
And I want you to know that is something Kevin and I intend to continue when I transition into the role in September.
This is an especially exciting moment for Apple. As Tim mentioned, we have an incredible road map ahead.
And while you're not going to get me to talk about the details of that road map, suffice it to say, this is the most exciting time in my 25-year career at Apple to be building products and services.
There are so many opportunities before us and I couldn't be more optimistic about what's to come.
For now, let me simply say, I am deeply grateful to Tim, to the executive team, and to everyone at Apple,
and I look forward to all of the important work ahead.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio