Title: Bloody Thursday: Up to 18,000 people lose jobs or face buyouts at Meta, Nike and Microsoft
Date: 2026-04-26 11:45
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/bloody-thursday-18-000-people-114500564.html?.tsrc=rss

Thursday, Apr. 23 saw three major companies making substantial cuts to their payroll as they look to streamline operations and, in some cases, rely more heavily on artificial intelligence.
Meta, in an internal memo, said it would lay off 10% of its staff, which equates to roughly 8,000 people (1). The savings from those cuts will be funneled into the company's AI investment. "This is not an easy tradeoff and it will mean letting go of people who have made meaningful contributions to Meta during their time here," wrote Meta Chief People Officer Janelle Gale.
Thanks to Jeff Bezos, you can now become a landlord for as little as $100 — and no, you don't have to deal with tenants or fix freezers. Here's how
Robert Kiyosaki says this 1 asset will surge 400% in a year and begs investors not to miss this ‘explosion’
Dave Ramsey warns nearly 50% of Americans are making 1 big Social Security mistake — here’s how to fix it ASAP
Meta also said it is canceling plans to hire for 6,000 open roles. Employees won't know if they're impacted by these cuts until May 20.
Microsoft, meanwhile, is offering voluntary buyouts (2) to roughly 7% of its employees, which is about 8,750 workers . The buyouts are being offered to long-time Microsoft employees and is part of an ongoing reorganization that's centered around its efforts to move forward its AI division.
The cuts at Nike, which will impact 1,400 employees, aren't directly AI related , although they take place largely in the company's technology department. COO Venkatesh Alagirisamy said the move was part of an ongoing turnaround that includes modernizing its manufacturing and a reshaping of the tech teams.
These aren't the first recent staff reductions for Meta, Nike or Microsoft.
Just last month, Meta reportedly laid off several hundred people (3) across multiple teams in the Reality Labs division as well as social media and recruiting. In January, roughly 1,500 jobs were cut. And last February, the company slashed (4) 3,600 positions.
Microsoft isn't directly laying people off at this time, though that could be a possibility if it doesn't hit targets with the employee buyouts. Last year, though, it had several rounds of layoffs, resulting in roughly 15,000 people losing their jobs, with significant impacts on the Xbox teams.
This is the second round of layoffs at Nike this year. In January, 775 workers lost their jobs.
Read More: This $1B private real estate fund is now accessible to non-millionaires. Start investing with just $10
AI was cited as a factor in nearly 55,000 layoffs (5) in 2025, according to Challenger, Gray & Christmas, a consulting firm that specializes in employment. That could, however, be just the tip of the iceberg .
A chilling forecast from Goldman Sachs in 2023 estimated that breakthroughs in generative AI could put as many as 300 million (6) jobs at risk.
"Our economists estimate that roughly two-thirds of U.S. occupations are exposed to some degree of automation by AI," the report reads. "They further estimate that, of those occupations that are exposed, roughly a quarter to as much as half of their workload could be replaced. But not all that automated work will translate into layoffs."
Gartner is a bit more upbeat, however. In February (7), that analytical firm said that by next year half of the companies that have cut customer service staff and replaced them with AI will rehire those workers.
"While AI-driven layoffs have captured attention, the reality is more complex," said Kathy Ross, Senior Director Analyst in the Gartner Customer Service & Support practice. "Most recent workforce reductions were influenced by broader economic conditions rather than automation alone. As organizations encounter the limits of AI and rising customer expectations, they will need to reinvest in human talent to sustain service quality and growth."
Millionaires under 43 are reshaping investing — just 25% of their portfolios are in stocks. Here’s where their money is going
Taxes are going to change for retirees under Trump’s ‘big beautiful bill’ — here are 4 reasons you can’t afford to waste time
Robert Kiyosaki issues grim warning for baby boomers : many could be ‘wiped out’ and homeless ‘all over’ the country
Vanguard’s outlook on U.S. stocks is raising alarm bells for retirees. Here’s why and how to protect yourself
Join 250,000+ readers and get Moneywise’s best stories and exclusive interviews first — clear insights curated and delivered weekly. Subscribe now.
We rely only on vetted sources and credible third-party reporting. For details, see our ethics and guidelines .
The Wall Street Journal (1) , (2) ; Reuters (3) ; Yahoo Finance (4) ; CNBC (5) ; Goldman Sachs (6) ; Gartner (7)
This article originally appeared on Moneywise.com under the title: Bloody Thursday: Up to 18,000 people lose jobs or face buyouts at Meta, Nike and Microsoft
This article provides information only and should not be construed as advice. It is provided without warranty of any kind.