Title: Jet Fuel’s Surge and Trump’s Meddling Cloud Airline Outlook
Date: 2026-04-25 11:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jet-fuel-surge-trump-meddling-110000452.html?.tsrc=rss

Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home.
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker.
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude.
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
(Bloomberg) -- Airlines around the world are raising prices for bags and seats, dialing back profit forecasts and openly discussing ways to link up with rivals as the chokehold from war-related fuel costs tightens.
Most Read from Bloomberg
The Billion-Barrel Hormuz Oil Shock Is About to Crash Demand
Gunman Detained, Trump Evacuated After Shooting at Press Dinner
Trump Scraps US Trip for Iran Talks, Leaving Ceasefire in Limbo
The Hottest Phone for Kids Right Now Is a $100 Landline
Google Plans to Invest Up to $40 Billion in Anthropic
Just in the past few days, United Airlines Holdings Inc. Chief Commercial Officer Andrew Nocella declared the industry in “uncharted territory,” while Alaska Air Group Inc. dispelled any hope that consumers might enjoy lower fares again anytime soon.
On the more upbeat end of the spectrum, Emirates President Tim Clark said that most people, after all, quickly move on, and that things will swing back to normal soon.
Whether the optimists or pessimists ultimately prevail, what’s certain is that this past week has brought into sharp focus the many challenges bearing down on the airline industry. That’s forcing executives to make some consequential decisions to stabilize their operations.
Complicating matters further is a US president openly tipping the scales of competition by touting a possible $500 million bailout of beleaguered Spirit Aviation Holdings Inc. while panning other potential transactions, including a discussed merger between United and American Airlines Group Inc. And not least, there’s the uncertainty stemming from Donald Trump’s vacillating pronouncements on the state of the Iran war.
Taken together, the industry is heading into months of insecurity in what should have been a year of strong demand, with initial projections for a record $41 billion in earnings and 5.2 billion passengers. Airlines have invested heavily in their products, from cabin upgrades to lounges to in-flight connectivity as they bet that spending on the more luxurious air travel experience would persist.
But now, the exuberance that propelled airlines in the first few months of the year has given way to a sense that the industry has lost a clear sense of direction.
“It’s not possible to know with confidence all the ways the industry could be impacted,” Southwest Airlines Co. Chief Executive Officer Bob Jordan said, pointing to “significant economic and geopolitical uncertainty.”
“I can’t predict exactly where fuel is going, and so you can’t predict exactly where pricing and fares are going,” he said.
For the immediate future, they’re going up. Consumers are being counted on to absorb the extra billions of dollars in jet fuel costs, so airlines are levying new surcharges and raising fees to check bags and select seats.
“The airlines never let a good crisis go to waste,” said William McGee, a senior fellow for aviation and travel at the nonprofit American Economic Liberties Project.
American Airlines said it’s facing $4 billion in extra fuel-related costs until the end of the year, a charge that it will try to pass on to the consumer as much as possible. Airfares are already about 15% to 20% higher now, and it’s unlikely they’ll retreat entirely when the war footing eases, United CEO Scott Kirby said Wednesday.
“The longer this lasts, the higher the probability goes that the pricing increases hold,” Kirby said.
And once the rush of summer travel subsides, carriers will probably take another hard look at capacity and weed out more routes that have become unprofitable.
Chicago-based United said it expects it can recapture as much as 100% of the higher fuel costs by the end of the year by increasing prices for customers.
Delta Air Lines Inc. CEO Ed Bastian said in a recent earnings call that the company would look at the degree to which it could “retain any of the pricing strength” even after fuel costs come down.
The saving grace for the moment is that bookings remain strong with peak summer travel season arriving — though cracks are showing. United said current demand is resilient, but that likely won’t hold as more expensive tickets discourage flying.
Like American Airlines a few days later, the carrier slashed its full-year profit forecast.
American CEO Robert Isom said demand remains robust for now and he expects double-digit revenue growth in the current quarter, even as the carrier trims marginal flying.
Still, the company lowered its annual forecast and said it may end the year with a loss.
That U-turn comes as American and Alaska Air pursue potential revenue-sharing agreements and other strategic partnerships, Bloomberg News reported.
American also has been the subject of speculation about a potential merger with United. Kirby floated the idea during a February meeting with Trump, people familiar with the matter have said.
American and the usually business-friendly president swatted back the idea, saying it would reduce competition. Days later, Trump threw airline bosses another curveball, saying he’s weighing a government purchase of Spirit rather than letting it go under.
“The current administration doesn’t make long-term planning easy, and airline CEOs are being forced to think on their feet,” said Art Wheaton, director of labor studies at Cornell University’s School of Industrial and Labor Relations.
That includes C-suites around the world. There have been signs that Asian countries are hoarding jet fuel, and the International Energy Agency warned that Europe may deplete its supplies in weeks.
Deutsche Lufthansa AG, Europe’s largest airline group, is cutting about 20,000 flights from its summer schedule and adopting the pricing models of budget airlines by selling tickets that don’t include bags.
As in every crisis, there’s always one person telling everyone to calm down. In aviation, that’s Emirates’ Clark, whose Dubai-based carrier has been devastated by the conflict.
The world’s largest airline is operating at 65% of capacity after a near-total grounding as travelers avoid the Persian Gulf region. But once the Strait of Hormuz reopens, it should only take one-to-two months for business to rebound, he said.
“People have short memories,” Clark told a Berlin conference Thursday. Once the fighting stops and there’s a degree of stability, “things will be back to normal.”
--With assistance from Leen Al-Rashdan.
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
‘I Have Half of MAGA’: The Republican Challenging Trump From Within
A Restaurant That’s Barely Raised Prices Since 1973
United’s CEO Is Here to Buy Your Struggling Airline
Why If the War Doesn’t End Soon, Everyone Will Pay
AI Startup Has Helped Reverse Thousands of Denied Health Insurance Claims
©2026 Bloomberg L.P.