Title: 'Nobody's doing AI better than Palantir'_ Earnings takeaways
Date: 2026-05-04 21:20
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/nobodys-doing-ai-better-than-palantir-earnings-takeaways-212021317.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
Palantir (PLTR) beat first quarter estimates, posting adjusted earnings of $0.33 per share (vs. expectations of $0.28) and revenue of $1.63 billion (vs. expectations of $1.54 billion).
Futurum chief market strategist Shay Boloor joins Yahoo Finance to discuss the results.
I think nobody um is positioned better than AI than Palantir and I think that they just exceeded expectations once again.
For a stock like Palantir, you mentioned it's going up and down. It's kind of finding um where it wants to hang out a bit right now. It's just because simply beating estimates won't be enough.
I mean, the market already knows that Palantir is growing really fast. It knows that AIP has momentum. It already knows that this is one of the few software companies that actually should be traded like an AI platform.
So now the question is, did they beat enough to prove that this acceleration still has legs? And I still believe that growing at a 70% clip on the top line with um high highest operating margin among the whole software group, it does. I think it's the demand is still accelerating, we're nowhere near the top.
How should investors, Shy, in your opinion, think about valuation? That's always a topic with Palantir.
So I'm just curious, listen, where do you come down on that debate, Shy?
I think three months ago, consensus for 2026 estimates were around 52% growth.
Now it's at 70%. So I think that Palantir continue needs continue to show the ability that estimates are still too low. They still need to be beating uh by a healthy amount every single quarter and I do believe that as time goes on, that is going to be enough to justify the multiple.
Due to the scarcity um of which so like how many software players that actually don't just survive but thrive in the AI economy, there's going to be a massive premium assigned to that those handful of companies.
It feels like Nvidia post 2023 where people kept having that conversation about uh when's the top? This the rate of change has been so exponential, eventually has to give out. I just nobody's doing AI better than um Palantir right now.
How has the competitive landscape been shifting, Shy for Palantir? How would you grade that? Who, if anybody is is biting at their heels that you see?
It's got to be Anthropic. I think Anthropic has sucked all the vacuum a bit in the new uh AI winners.
I think that their ability to tackle AI first from the coding lens has obviously bared fruit into where they become a trillion dollar company in the private sector.
And I think that a lot of uh folks like they're at a $44 billion ARR and I think that a lot of people have been experimenting with Anthropic now because they read them in the headlines, they see the model quality and they see all the hype around it that they think that it's going to become this like end all be all location for everything AI.
That is total misinformation in my opinion. I think we're about to be entering in a world where consumers, enterprises don't want to be solely relying on one company for a bunch of different AI tools.
So I think that the appetite for enterprises and customers to not want to fully rely on one company is perfectly uh shown with Nvidia in the first stage of AI. and I think it's going to be the same thing in the application stage of AI where even if Anthropic continues their momentum, they're going to want to go towards an agnostic approach and that's essentially what Palantir does.
