Title: What Makes a Healthcare Stock Worth Holding Through a Recession?
Date: 2026-04-14 21:59
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/14/what-makes-healthcare-stock-worth-hold-recession/?.tsrc=rss

Not all healthcare stocks are defensive in a downturn. Here's what to consider. In times of economic uncertainty, investors tend to get defensive. Yet while many consider healthcare a defensive sector, don't assume this means all healthcare stocks are worth holding during a downturn. To steer clear of not just the value traps but possible safety traps as well, consider it best to use the following two criteria to assess the strength of such names: a wide economic moat, as well as the strength of the company's balance sheet. Image source: Getty Images. Illnesses may not slow down during a recession, but not all types of healthcare are fully recession-resistant. During slowdowns and recessions, discretionary healthcare spending, such as elective surgeries, preventative care, and more cosmetic medical treatments, takes a back seat. Due to factors such as the availability of generic drugs, customers may opt for lower-cost substitutes to branded pharmaceutical products during challenging times. Hence, when selecting recession-resistant healthcare stocks, focus on names with wide economic moats and sticky revenue. Among medical device stocks, Becton, Dickinson (BDX +0.19%) is a strong example. During both booms and busts, hospitals rely on the company's medical supplies, lab equipment, and diagnostic products. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. Johnson & Johnson (JNJ +0.85%) is another strong choice. As Morningstar analyst Karen Anderson noted last year, J&J has one of the widest moats among healthcare names, primarily due to the moats surrounding its medical technology and pharmaceutical segments. High debt adds greater risk and uncertainty during a downturn. Along with metrics like debt-to-equity and debt-to-EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization), factors like earnings consistency and dividend growth track records can also serve as proxies for financial strength. One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size. We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name.  With the aforementioned healthcare companies, both have debt-to-equity ratios below 1. Becton, Dickinson and J&J are also Dividend Kings, with 54 and 64 years, respectively, of annual dividend growth. Dividend King status for both companies serves as a testament to their steady growth during both prosperous times and more challenging ones. When reviewing other healthcare stocks, consider filtering them by these criteria to determine which to buy and/or add to your watch list.      Before you buy stock in Becton, consider this: The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Becton wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $556,335!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,160,572!* Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 975% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 193% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors. See the 10 stocks › *Stock Advisor returns as of April 14, 2026.   Thomas Niel has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Johnson & Johnson. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 55 Metas. What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited. Continue ›  *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services. Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. © 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io. About The Motley Fool Our Services Around the Globe Free Tools Affiliates & Friends