Title: Is Apple Stock a Buy as iPhone Revenue Soars?
Date: 2026-05-05 01:20
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/05/04/is-apple-stock-a-buy-as-iphone-revenue-soars/?.tsrc=rss

Apple is hitting on all cylinders, positioning itself for a seamless transition in the executive suite this fall. Departing Apple (AAPL 1.19%) CEO Tim Cook is looking to go out on a high note, with the company turning in another stellar performance for its fiscal second quarter. This follows an exceptionally strong fiscal first quarter report. Apple's growth was once again led by resurgent iPhone sales, which climbed 22% year over year to $57 billion. Notably, it was a record March quarter for iPhone upgrades.  Image source: The Motley Fool. Sales of Apple's other products were also solid. Sales of iPads climbed 8% to 6.9 billion, bolstered by the M4-powered iPad Air. Mac sales rose 6% year over year to $8.4 billion, helped by the launch of the MacBook Neo, while wearable revenue increased by 5% to $7.9 billion. Total product segment sales jumped by 17% to $80.2 billion. China was once again an area of strength, with revenue climbing 28%, and the company also called out its excitement over India. Meanwhile, Apple said it saw double-digit iPhone growth in most of the markets it tracks.  This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason. Apple's services segment -- which consists of its App Store, iCloud storage, Google Search revenue sharing, Apple Pay, Apple TV, and more -- saw revenue grow 16% to $31 billion. Product gross margin fell by 200 basis points sequentially to 38.7%, while service margin increased by 20 basis points sequentially to 76.7%. Overall gross margin was 49.3%, above analyst expectations of 48.4%. The company saw some pressure in the quarter from rising memory costs, but expects that to have a much more significant effect in its June quarter. One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size. We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name.  Overall, Apple's revenue rose by 17% to $111.18 billion, while its earnings per share (EPS) jumped 22% to $2.01. That topped the analyst consensus estimates for EPS of $1.95 on sales of $109.66 billion. For fiscal third-quarter 2026, Apple expects its revenue to grow by 15% to 17% year over year, with services revenue rising at a similar level to fiscal Q2. It expects gross margins to be between 47.5% and 48.5%. Apple has one of the best business models on the planet. Once people buy one of its products, it tends to lock them into its high-margin service ecosystem. Meanwhile, the company has been able to turn around its previously sluggish iPhone and China sales this fiscal year. That's great news, as this feeds into its service business, which just continues to hum along with strong growth quarter in and quarter out. New CEO John Ternus is set to take over in September, and he finds Apple in a great place. This should give him the opportunity to innovate and perhaps take a few calculated risks to further drive growth. While Apple's stock isn't cheap at a forward price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio of around 30 based on analysts' estimates for fiscal 2027 (which will end in September 2027), it's still a great compounding business and a growth stock that should be a long-term winner.      Before you buy stock in Apple, consider this: The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Apple wasn’t one of them. Generational wealth is rarely built on a single hot stock pick — it’s built on a resilient, diversified foundation designed to compound for decades. If your goal is to pursue true generational wealth, you’ll want to see the 10 stocks our analysts believe are the best to buy now. Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $496,473!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,216,605!* That’s the power of choosing a handful of potential long‑term winners and letting time do the heavy lifting. Today, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 968% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 202% for the S&P 500. If your goal is to start building true generational wealth, don’t miss the latest top 10 list available with Stock Advisor, and take your next step toward a portfolio that can benefit not just you, but your family for years to come. See the 10 stocks › *Stock Advisor returns as of May 5, 2026.   Geoffrey Seiler has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 55 Metas. What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited. Continue ›  *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason. Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services. Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. © 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io. About The Motley Fool Our Services Around the Globe Free Tools Affiliates & Friends