Title: This Overlooked ETF Has Beaten the S&P 500 for 3 Straight Years
Date: 2026-04-14 21:05
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/14/overlooked-etf-has-beaten-sp-500-3-straight-years/?.tsrc=rss

This under-the-radar manufacturing theme has managed above-average returns for several years in a row. If you were asked what type of exchange-traded funds (ETFs) have beaten the S&P 500 over each of the past three years, you'd probably say one focused on AI stocks or semiconductors. While some of those funds would certainly qualify, there's one ETF that's pulled off the feat that doesn't play in that sandbox at all. No tech. No semiconductors. No "Magnificent Seven." It invests almost exclusively in small- and mid-cap industrial stocks. And it's one of the best-performing ETFs in the entire marketplace over the past five years. Image source: Getty Images. The First Trust RBA American Industrial Renaissance ETF (AIRR +0.78%) focuses on a theme that's gotten big this decade -- reshoring. It's the idea that American companies will continue to bring their operations back to the United States in order to capture advantages in cost, quality, and timing. This theme really got a lot of attention during the COVID-19 pandemic. As demand for goods rose and supply chains became strained, there was a strong push to bring manufacturing back home to reduce reliance on global trade partners. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. Tariff policies under the second Trump administration significantly raised the cost of goods for U.S. importers. The intention there was to again bring manufacturing back to the United States. Those efforts have increased some domestic manufacturing activity. U.S. manufacturing PMI readings, which largely showed contracting activity in 2023 and 2024, are showing steady expansion again in 2025 and the early part of 2026.  When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 975%* — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 193% for the S&P 500. They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now, available when you join Stock Advisor. *Stock Advisor returns as of April 14, 2026.  This ETF tracks the Richard Bernstein Advisors American Industrial Renaissance Index. Beginning with the Russell 2500 index, which includes mid- and small-cap companies, it focuses only on infrastructure, manufacturing, transportation, and related service companies. Companies must derive at least 75% of their revenue from U.S. companies, have a positive 12-month forward earnings estimate, and meet certain size and liquidity requirements. RBA then uses a proprietary portfolio optimization method to weight each individual qualifying component.  The fund consists mostly of industrial companies with a 7% allocation to community banks. Current top holdings include Argan, MasTec, Comfort Systems, Sterling Infrastructure, and EMCOR Group. The focus on smaller companies makes sense. These are the companies that traditionally rely more heavily on cheap foreign manufacturers for inputs. They also have greater flexibility in moving their supply chains than large multinationals do. A breakdown of how the First Trust RBA American Industrial Renaissance ETF looks compared to the Vanguard S&P 500 ETF (VOO +1.21%) shows the following: Data sources: AIRR website and VOO website. As with any niche ETF that has a long stretch of outperformance, there's a risk that future returns could be more moderate. Geopolitical risks are high right now, which supports the case for further reshoring, although the Supreme Court's ruling against most of the Trump tariffs may mitigate some of the financial appeal. Overall, this could be a theme that has legs as the global economic and political environments grow more fractured over time.      Before you buy stock in First Trust Exchange-Traded Fund VI - First Trust Rba American Industrial Renaissance ETF, consider this: The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and First Trust Exchange-Traded Fund VI - First Trust Rba American Industrial Renaissance ETF wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $556,335!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,160,572!* Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 975% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 193% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors. See the 10 stocks › *Stock Advisor returns as of April 14, 2026.   David Dierking has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Comfort Systems USA, EMCOR Group, Sterling Infrastructure, and Vanguard S&P 500 ETF. The Motley Fool recommends MasTec. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 35 Amazons. What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited. Continue ›  *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services. Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. © 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io. About The Motley Fool Our Services Around the Globe Free Tools Affiliates & Friends