Title: Why Wheels Up Experience Stock Is Sinking Today
Date: 2026-04-14 21:18
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/14/why-wheels-up-experience-stock-is-sinking-today/?.tsrc=rss

Wheels Up shareholders received a bad omen today in the form of a planned 20-for-1 reverse stock split. Shares of on-demand private jet provider Wheels Up Experience (UP 22.31%) are down 25% today as of market 3:45 p.m. ET after the company announced it would be undergoing a 1-for-20 reverse stock split. The shares will begin trading on a split-adjusted basis on April 27, 2026. This split should help Wheels Up regain compliance with the NYSE's listing standards and maintain eligibility for inclusion in the Russell 3000. Image source: Getty Images. While a reverse stock split technically changes nothing about a company's actual operations -- the "pizza" remains the same size, but with differently sized slices -- they aren't a great sign for investors. Usually, a reverse stock split signals danger as it is tied to poor price performance and the potential for institutional selling, as many funds won't hold stocks below $1. A reverse stock split also suggests there may not be an immediate catalyst for the stock to rebound on its own. Already down 99.6% from its 2020 IPO, Wheels Up hasn't done enough to reassure investors that they shouldn't worry about the upcoming stock split, which helps explain today's negative reaction. To be fair to Wheels Up, however, I like the company's expanded partnership with Delta Air Lines (DAL +7.00%) to build a hybrid private and commercial jet offering for its customers. Delta also owns nearly 40% of Wheels Up, so it remains incentivized to make the partnership work. I also think Wheels Up's shift to a premium membership makes a lot of sense, as higher-margin bookings could help the company finally reach profitability. However, as this shift takes place, the company saw sales dip 10% in its latest quarter, due to the intentional winding down of its lower-margin legacy memberships and group charter sales. That said, Wheels Up's net profit margin improved from -42% in Q4 last year to -16% this year, so if it keeps trending in this direction, a turnaround could be in store. Ultimately, Wheels Up is an uber-high-risk stock that Foolish investors should probably avoid until it can prove capable of profitability.      Before you buy stock in Wheels Up Experience, consider this: The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Wheels Up Experience wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $556,335!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,160,572!* Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 975% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 193% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors. See the 10 stocks › *Stock Advisor returns as of April 14, 2026.   Josh Kohn-Lindquist has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Delta Air Lines. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 55 Metas. What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited. Continue ›  *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services. Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. © 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io. About The Motley Fool Our Services Around the Globe Free Tools Affiliates & Friends