Title: 3 Warren Buffett Stocks to Hold Forever
Date: 2026-04-22 08:30
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/22/3-warren-buffett-stocks-to-hold-forever/?.tsrc=rss

These are stocks Buffett said that he'd never sell.
Warren Buffett has famously said that his favorite holding period is "forever," but Berkshire Hathaway sells stocks all the time. Some of the stocks it has bought and sold in fairly quick succession over the past few years include:
Keep in mind, that's just a partial list. When Buffett made this statement, back in 1988, he was talking specifically about Coca-Cola (KO +0.24%), which he had just bought. More recently, he's added American Express (AXP 1.22%) and Apple (AAPL 1.22%) to his list of stocks that he'd never sell. Let's see why these are three stocks to hold forever.
Image source: The Motley Fool.
Coca-Cola is the longest-held position in the Berkshire Hathaway portfolio. Buffett originally bought shares in 1988, when he made the following remark: 
We made major purchases of Federal Home Loan Mortgage Pfd. (Freddie Mac) and Coca-Cola. We expect to hold these securities for a long time. When we own portions of outstanding businesses with outstanding managements, our favorite holding period is forever.
 Freddie Mac is long gone from the portfolio, but Coca-Cola remains, and it's currently the third-largest position, worth 9.4% of the total.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends at 9 AM EST on 4/30/2026.
Buffett has praised it many times over the years, and it fits into his investing schema in other ways. He loves its global brand and its place in the U.S. economy. He loves great management and a committed dividend. Coca-Cola is a Dividend King, and it recently raised its dividend for the 64th consecutive year. Since Berkshire Hathaway owns 400 million shares, it stands to make $848 million in dividends this year from Coca-Cola stock alone.
It's considered a safe stock, which is why it was beating the falling market earlier this year. It still is, even as the S&P 500 hits new highs.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 967%* — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 199% for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now, available when you join Stock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 24, 2026. 
American Express is the second part of what's traditionally been the duo of stocks that Buffett said he'd never sell. Buffett loves bank stocks because they have lots of cash, tend to be highly profitable, grow along with the economy, and are a major driver of the economy.
The Berkshire Hathaway equity portfolio is flush with financial stocks at any given time, but American Express is a clear favorite, accounting for 15.6% of the total portfolio, the second-largest (and second-longest-held) position.
The company has a distinctive model that sets it apart from other banks and financial stocks. It charges an annual fee for most of its credit cards, creating a sense of exclusivity and fostering long-term loyalty. Members love its top rewards program, fueling a high renewal cycle. The rewards target an affluent population of consumers who can spend more in general and are more resilient under pressure, and American Express has industry-leading credit metrics.
The company is successfully targeting a new, younger cadre of customers who are fueling growth, and it has strong growth prospects for the foreseeable future.
Buffett recently added Apple as a stock he would hold forever, even though Berkshire Hathaway has cut its stake by half over the past few years. It's still the portfolio's largest position, accounting for 19.2% of the total. Buffett recently admitted that he sold it too soon, and that he'd buy more of it at a better price.
Apple has a solid ecosystem of interconnected products that make it difficult for challengers to gain a foothold. Last year, the market was down on Apple due to lagging artificial intelligence (AI) developments, but it has since changed its ways, as even slower AI hasn't loosened Apple's grip on its customers. iPhone sales increased 23% year over year in the fiscal 2026 first quarter, which ended Dec. 27, 2025, reigniting confidence in Apple and its stock.
The company recently announced a deal to use Alphabet's Gemini large-language model (LLM) to train Apple's own data and fuel its AI systems at a cost of $1 billion annually. That's a much more cost-efficient way to develop AI and offer Apple users high-level AI services for a fraction of the cost of its competitors, and it paves a path for Apple to become a top AI stock.
But Apple has demonstrated that beyond the latest fads, which today is AI, it has long-term staying power and a brand that lasts.
Before you buy stock in Coca-Cola, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Coca-Cola wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $500,572!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,223,900!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 967% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 199% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 24, 2026. 
American Express is an advertising partner of Motley Fool Money. Jennifer Saibil has positions in American Express, Apple, and Nu Holdings. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Alphabet, Apple, Berkshire Hathaway, Nu Holdings, Snowflake, and Ulta Beauty. The Motley Fool recommends RH. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 18 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 18 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends at 9 AM EST on 4/30/2026.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
*Returns as of April 24, 2026.