Title: 3 Consumer Staples Stocks That Provide Stability in a Volatile Investing Environment
Date: 2026-04-24 15:27
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/24/3-consumer-staples-stocks-that-provide-stability-i/?.tsrc=rss

You want companies that deliver in good times and bad? You've come to the right place.
Consumer staples are popular in 2026. It's not a surprise given the flight to safety. Investors are looking for industries that will thrive in all market environments, and consumer staples scratch that itch.
Costco Wholesale (COST 0.59%), Coca-Cola (KO +0.24%), and Walmart (WMT 1.79%) are likely names you already know. Let's get into why all three are consumer staples stocks built for market uncertainties.
Image source: Getty Images.
The leading warehouse club operator tops the list of stable consumer staples. Try saying that three times fast. Costco has delivered net sales growth in all but one of the last 33 years, and even the outlier is still worth celebrating. The 1.5% decline in 2009 occurred during the Great Recession, when the entire U.S. corporate sector took a 13% top-line hit.
The all-weather appeal is clear. Despite the annual membership fees, churn remains low because shoppers know they will more than make up for it with rock-bottom pricing throughout the year. Costco is a safe stock, even with its lofty valuation.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends at 9 AM EST on 4/30/2026.
You will pay 53 times trailing earnings to buy Costco today. It's naturally not growing anywhere close to that pace. This should be the chain's fourth consecutive year of single-digit revenue growth. The key to paying a market premium for Costco is its rabid customer loyalty.
With 924 big-box locations worldwide, it's not expansion that's fueling growth. Net sales rose 9% in its latest quarter, fueled mostly by a 7.9% jump in comps for the fiscal second quarter. This isn't a fluke. It's pretty much the default setting for Costco stock and its investors.
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name. 
The high-margin provider of Coca-Cola syrup and other beverage essentials to regional bottlers and distributors is as close to a dream model as you can imagine. Soft drink prices have inched higher in recent years, but it's still a cheap indulgence.
With 64 years of dividend hikes, this Dividend King remains worthy of the throne. Fetching 25 times trailing earnings -- less than half of Costco's multiple -- doesn't make it cheap. It just makes it less expensive. However, when you have an iconic brand, a broad line of globally popular beverages, and a 27% net margin, you're going to be worth that premium.
The country's second-largest company by revenue has quietly joined the elite club of 11 companies with market caps topping $1 trillion. Walmart's 39% ascent over the past year will do that. Like Costco but without the membership fees (outside of its own Sam's Club concept), Walmart is a haven for affordability.
Like Costco, Walmart has had only one year of negative top-line growth over the past several decades. Like Coca-Cola, it's also a Dividend King with 53 years of boosting its quarterly payouts. Like both stocks, it trades at a high multiple relative to its growth rate. Security is worth a market premium, especially in today's volatile climate.
Before you buy stock in Costco Wholesale, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Costco Wholesale wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $500,572!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,223,900!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 967% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 199% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 24, 2026. 
Rick Munarriz has positions in Costco Wholesale. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Costco Wholesale and Walmart. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 35 Amazons.
What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends at 9 AM EST on 4/30/2026.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
*Returns as of April 24, 2026.