Title: Now Even Volvo Is Putting Tesla in the Rearview Mirror_
Date: 2026-04-23 06:25
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/23/now-even-volvo-is-putting-tesla-in-the-rearview-mi/?.tsrc=rss

A number of competitors have passed Tesla in a number of its big ambitions. The question is what does success look like for Tesla's semi, and can it catch back up?
Tesla (TSLA +0.51%) investors have been along for a bumpy ride over the last 18 months or so as they've seen competitors pull ahead of the automaker that helped reenergize the global electric vehicle (EV) industry. BYD, China's juggernaut EV maker, raced ahead of Tesla in global EV sales. A handful of companies have expanded their robotaxi ambitions beyond Tesla's current scope, even considering its recent expansion. And now, even Volvo is putting some distance between itself and Tesla, with Coca-Cola adding to its fleet of electric semis.
Pepsi versus Coca-Cola will go down in history as an all-time great business rivalry, but adding Tesla and Volvo into the mix adds a nice twist to the story. Tesla is known for supporting Pepsi with 80 Tesla electric semitrucks in the Pepsi fleet. It has been about a decade since Pepse and Tesla signed its initial partnership.
Image source: Tesla.
While Tesla can claim victory when comparing semi specifications and performance, it might be a case of winning the battle but losing the war -- at least, so far. Volvo has placed more than 5,000 full-electric semis into service around the world and logged over 100 million zero-emission miles in roughly the same time since Tesla and Pepsi finalized their agreement. In comparison, as of early 2026, Tesla had "a few hundred" semis on the road, primarily in pilot programs in addition to Pepsi, DHL Supply Chain, and Tesla's internal logistics. 
Tesla's volume semi production is set to begin in the first half of 2026 at its Nevada factory, with annual production capacity at roughly 50,000 semitrucks. Investors would be wise to largely ignore that 50,000 mark, as tempting as it is to envision those figures catching and surpassing Volvo. 
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends at 9 AM EST on 4/30/2026.
Rather, investors need to be realistic about what success would be for Tesla's semitruck in the early stages. According to American Truck Dealers, the entire Class 8 market totaled roughly 208,000 trucks last year. If Tesla were to grab a few thousand over the first couple of years for a small market share, that would be a solid start. Hypothetically, let's say Tesla sells 1,000 this year, 2,000 next year, and in five years Tesla's semi hits around 8,000 -- this is what success looks like, and is comparable to Volvo, currently.
It would also be wise to look beyond the early sales figures. Investors should really look at the core product, which by most accounts is a great product, garnering insightful reviews and optimism in a trucking industry that had been initially skeptical. Tesla semis on more simple routes for logistics fleets are compelling for businesses, and right now, that's a win. That said, Tesla has much work to do to appease investors on the semi's potential.
Ever feel like you missed the boat in buying the most successful stocks? Then you’ll want to hear this.
On occasion, our expert team of analysts issues a “Double Down” stock recommendation for companies that they think are about to pop. If you’re worried you’ve already missed your chance to invest, now is the best time to buy before it’s too late. And the numbers speak for themselves:
Right now, we’re issuing “Double Down” alerts for three incredible companies, available when you join Stock Advisor, and there may not be another chance like this anytime soon.
See the 3 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 24, 2026. 
Daniel Miller has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Tesla. The Motley Fool recommends BYD Company. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 35 Amazons.
What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends at 9 AM EST on 4/30/2026.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
*Returns as of April 24, 2026.