Title: Wall Street’s Bullish Stocks View Contrasts With Consumer Gloom
Date: 2026-04-22 13:45
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/wall-street-bullish-stocks-view-112800536.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude. 
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
Allbirds' AI pivot shows signs of froth in markets, but experts say the underlying fundamentals in AI remain strong.
Dow leaps 850 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch new records in stunning rally amid US-Iran diplomacy hopes
Stocks climbed at the open and oil fell as Iran said the Strait of Hormuz is 'completely open'
The stock market has notched one of its fastest turnarounds in years
Europe is facing a severe jet fuel shortage, with 'maybe six weeks of jet fuel left'
Stocks rebound after Trump says Israel, Lebanon agreed to ceasefire
S&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq rise, with fresh records in view amid hopes for truce
Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions
S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses
The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company
S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled
Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher
US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI
JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks'
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
(Bloomberg) -- Stocks are trading near a record high, signaling Wall Street is learning to cope with lingering geopolitical risks. Main Street is struggling to catch up.
Most Read from Bloomberg
Anthropic’s Mythos Model Is Being Accessed by Unauthorized Users
Inside Alex Cooper’s Unwell: Tears, Screaming and Employees Looking for the Exit
Trump Encourages Companies Not to Seek Tariff Refunds
Trump Extends Iran Ceasefire, Keeps Blockade as Talks Falter
Kuwait Declares Further Force Majeure on Oil Shipments
Consumer sentiment is languishing at all-time lows, with Americans increasingly worried about mounting inflation driven by hostilities in the Middle East. Earlier this month, a preliminary read on the University of Michigan’s consumer sentiment index for April slumped to a record-low 47.6, down from 53.3 in March. The final figures will be released on Friday.
Strong corporate earnings, the revival of the artificial intelligence trade and an otherwise resilient economy have buoyed the stock market even as Americans’ outlook has started to sour. Chief among consumers’ concerns are prices at the gas pump as the closure of the Strait of Hormuz drives up costs.
The divide has reached a critical juncture where investors need to question how much further sentiment can worsen before it starts to erode the S&P 500 Index’s earnings power.
“The consumer remains the bedrock of the US economy, so any deterioration there is ultimately a risk to equities,” said Noah Weisberger, chief US equity strategist at BCA Research.
The US is in a “slowing-but-still-growing” phase, where it’s not a clear recession and reacceleration is still possible, according to Weisberger.
“The market is being supported by resilient earnings and investment-led growth, especially AI- and capex-related spending, while consumers are still contending with a lukewarm labor market and, at least in terms of confidence if not yet spending, higher gasoline prices and headline inflation,” said Weisberger. “Weak confidence also predates the Iran conflict, so this is not purely an oil story.”
Meanwhile, a separate survey from the Federal Reserve Bank of New York showed consumers’ views on their financial situation was deteriorating with more than a quarter of households — the highest proportion since last May — expecting to be worse off.
“The K-shaped recovery continues to divide consumers of different income and spending levels,” said Brent Ciliano, chief investment officer at First Citizens Bank. Ciliano added that higher-income consumers are benefiting from broad financial asset appreciation while those on lower incomes struggle to keep pace with inflation.
Earlier: Warsh Says Fed Needs New Framework for Addressing Inflation
Yet Wall Street continues to pile into the stock market ignoring the early warning signs. The S&P 500 gained 0.7% at 9:42 a.m. on Wednesday, gaining for the sixth time in eight trading days. To Chris Zaccarelli, chief investment officer at Northlight Asset Management, the stock market moves on corporate profits rather than surveys.
“Even if consumers express their unhappiness with the current state of affairs, but have the wherewithal to keep spending, then corporate profits will keep rising and the stock market will rise along with it,” Zaccarelli said.
And there are signs consumers are still spending. Earlier this month, Delta Air Lines Inc. said bookings were strong across premium and corporate travel. Meanwhile, cruise-ship operator Carnival Corp. highlighted robust demand, even with elevated pricing.
But at discount retailers that cater to lower-income shoppers the pressures facing the average American household are more apparent.
Walmart Inc.’s full-year earnings guidance missed estimates when it reported in February. The world’s largest retailer, best known for its discount prices, attributed the more cautious view to the unpredictable state of trade, subdued consumer sentiment and labor market conditions.
Discount chain Dollar General Corp. also gave a more tepid outlook in light of the choppy consumer backdrop and rising gas prices. And home improvement retailer Home Depot Inc. recently noted that economic uncertainty is weighing on consumers’ willingness to take on bigger projects.
It also stretches to real estate firms. D.R. Horton Inc. said in its earnings that new home demand was being impacted by “affordability constraints and cautious consumer sentiment.”
Individual traders are also growing wary. The cohort is now driving the largest share of bearish put-option activity since May 2022, according to strategists at Barclays Plc. This, they said, points to “renewed inflation-driven caution” similar to 2022 when fears the Fed’s rate hikes would push the economy into a recession.
Investors can get a better sense of if consumers are still spending when Procter & Gamble Co. as well as Coca-Cola Co. and Visa Inc. report in coming days.
“Equity markets continue to benefit from historically strong corporate fundamentals,” said Ciliano. “If this fundamentally driven momentum remains intact, so will the upward trajectory in equity market prices.”
--With assistance from Janet Freund.
(Updates with Wednesday’s trading in 10th paragraph.)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
QVC Lost the Home Shoppers to Social Media Influencers
A Restaurant That’s Barely Raised Prices Since 1973
Three Bedrooms for €60 Million Shows Monaco’s Dirty Money Headache
TikTok Makes Americans Want Chinese EVs They Can’t Have
AI Startup Has Helped Reverse Thousands of Denied Health Insurance Claims
©2026 Bloomberg L.P.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio