Title: 2 Mega-Cap Stocks to Research Further and 1 Facing Challenges
Date: 2026-04-22 20:45
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/2-mega-cap-stocks-research-204523788.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude. 
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
Allbirds' AI pivot shows signs of froth in markets, but experts say the underlying fundamentals in AI remain strong.
Dow leaps 850 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch new records in stunning rally amid US-Iran diplomacy hopes
Stocks climbed at the open and oil fell as Iran said the Strait of Hormuz is 'completely open'
The stock market has notched one of its fastest turnarounds in years
Europe is facing a severe jet fuel shortage, with 'maybe six weeks of jet fuel left'
Stocks rebound after Trump says Israel, Lebanon agreed to ceasefire
S&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq rise, with fresh records in view amid hopes for truce
Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions
S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses
The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company
S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled
Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher
US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI
JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks'
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Megacap stocks are behemoths that set the tone for their industries, and their massive scale typically leads to wide moats. However, the downside is that most have already exploited their existing market opportunities and must invest heavily to expand further, a risky proposition.
Sound complicated? With StockStory, it doesn’t have to be. Our job is to find you high-quality companies that can win regardless of the conditions. That said, here are two industry titans whose competitive advantages create flywheel effects and one whose momentum may slow.
How has GE Aerospace achieved outstanding revenue growth?
What makes Coca-Cola an interesting investment opportunity?
Why is Wells Fargo facing growth challenges?
What are the key valuation metrics for these stocks?
Market Cap: $249.9 billion
Founded during the California Gold Rush in 1852 to provide banking and express delivery services to miners and merchants, Wells Fargo (NYSE:WFC) is a diversified financial services company that provides banking, lending, investment, and wealth management services to individuals and businesses.
Why Are We Cautious About WFC?
The company has faced growth challenges as its 5.1% annual net interest income increases over the last five years fell short of other banking companies
38.7 basis point (100 basis points = 1 percentage point) decline in its net interest margin over the last two years reflects the firm’s willingness to accept lower profitability to defend its market position
Projected tangible book value per share growth of 5.9% for the next 12 months suggests sluggish capital generation
Wells Fargo is trading at $82.08 per share, or 1.5x forward P/B. To fully understand why you should be careful with WFC, check out our full research report (it’s free).
Market Cap: $321.5 billion
A pioneer and behemoth in carbonated soft drinks, Coca-Cola (NYSE:KO) is a storied beverage company best known for its flagship soda.
Why Is KO Interesting?
Customer loyalty and massive revenue base of $48.06 billion makes it a household name that influences purchasing decisions
Unique products and pricing power lead to a best-in-class gross margin of 61.3%
Healthy operating margin of 25% shows it’s a well-run company with efficient processes, and its profits increased over the last year as it scaled
Coca-Cola’s stock price of $74.91 implies a valuation ratio of 23.4x forward P/E. Is now the time to initiate a position? Find out in our full research report, it’s free.
Market Cap: $299.2 billion
One of the original 12 companies on the Dow Jones Industrial Average, General Electric (NYSE:GE) is a multinational conglomerate providing technologies for various sectors including aviation, power, renewable energy, and healthcare.
Why Will GE Outperform?
Annual revenue growth of 16.7% over the past two years was outstanding, reflecting market share gains this cycle
Performance over the past two years was turbocharged by share buybacks, which enabled its earnings per share to grow faster than its revenue
Impressive free cash flow profitability enables the company to fund new investments or reward investors with share buybacks/dividends, and its rising cash conversion increases its margin of safety
At $289.80 per share, GE Aerospace trades at 38.9x forward P/E. Is now a good time to buy? See for yourself in our in-depth research report, it’s free.
ONE MORE THING: Top 6 Stocks for This Week. This market is separating quality stocks from expensive ones fast. AI taking down whole sectors with no warning. In a rotation this fast, you need more than a list of good companies.
Our AI system flagged Palantir before it ran 1,662%. AppLovin before it ran 753%. Nvidia before it ran 1,178%. Each week it produces 6 new names that pass the same tests.  Get Our Top 6 Stocks for Free HERE.
Stocks that made our list in 2020 include now familiar names such as Nvidia (+1,326% between June 2020 and June 2025) as well as under-the-radar businesses like the once-small-cap company Exlservice (+354% five-year return). Find your next big winner with StockStory today.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio