Title: Coca-Cola demand trends steady but regional divergence persists ahead of earnings, BofA says
Date: 2026-04-10 13:24
URL: https://www.proactiveinvestors.com/companies/news/1090372/coca-cola-demand-trends-steady-but-regional-divergence-persists-ahead-of-earnings-bofa-says-1090372.html?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Angela Harmantas is an Editor at Proactive. She has over 15 years of experience covering the equity markets in North America, with a particular focus on junior resource stocks. Angela has reported from numerous countries around the world, including Canada, the US, Australia, Brazil, Ghana, and South Africa for leading trade publications. Previously, she worked in investor relations and led the foreign direct investment program in Canada for the Swedish government. She earned a Bachelor of...Read more
Proactive financial news and online broadcast teams provide fast, accessible, informative and actionable business and finance news content to a global investment audience. All our content is produced independently by our experienced and qualified teams of news journalists.
Proactive news team spans the world’s key finance and investing hubs with bureaus and studios in London, New York, Toronto, Vancouver, Sydney and Perth.
We are experts in medium and small-cap markets, we also keep our community up to date with blue-chip companies, commodities and broader investment stories. This is content that excites and engages motivated private investors.
The team delivers news and unique insights across the market including but not confined to: biotech and pharma, mining and natural resources, battery metals, oil and gas, crypto and emerging digital and EV technologies.
Proactive has always been a forward looking and enthusiastic technology adopter.
Our human content creators are equipped with many decades of valuable expertise and experience. The team also has access to and use technologies to assist and enhance workflows.
Proactive will on occasion use automation and software tools, including generative AI. Nevertheless, all content published by Proactive is edited and authored by humans, in line with best practice in regard to content production and search engine optimisation.
The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE:KO)is expected to post stable underlying consumption volumes in the first quarter of 2026, with strength in North America and EMEA offset by continued weakness in parts of Asia, according to Bank of America.
The bank said it is maintaining its total global underlying consumption volume (UCV) estimate for the quarter at a decline of 0.2% year-over-year, unchanged from prior expectations but below Visible Alpha consensus, which is expected to show growth of 0.8%.
The update comes ahead of Coca-Cola’s first-quarter earnings on April 28.
Bank of America reiterated its Buy rating on the stock and its $88 price objective, pointing to resilient global demand and the company’s relative strength versus peers in navigating a complex macroeconomic backdrop.
Analysts noted that consumption is still resilient, leaving them to believe that KO is well positioned to manage through a “complex macro backdrop,” according to the note.
Asia Pacific remains the weakest area, with UCVs forecast to decline 5.3%, driven by steep drops in India and Southwest Asia of around 10% and a 7% decline in Greater China and Mongolia, though Japan, South Korea and ASEAN are expected to be broadly flat.
Latin America was revised slightly lower to growth of 0.7% from 1%, reflecting updated country-level bottler data, while North America was nudged higher to growth of 3.6% from 3.5% on improving US scanner trends.
In Europe, Middle East and Africa, Bank of America left its outlook unchanged at growth of 2.1%, with strong growth of around 5% expected in Africa and 4% in the Middle East and Eurasia (4%), offset by a decline of 1% in Europe.
The analysts noted their framework is based on Coca-Cola’s country-level disclosures aligned with bottler-reported volumes, emphasizing consumption trends rather than concentrate shipments.
The content on this Site is provided for information purposes only and does not constitute investment advice, a personal recommendation, an offer or solicitation to buy or sell securities, or any other regulated activity. It should not be relied upon as the basis for any investment decision.
Before making any investment decision, you should:
Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future results. The value of investments can fall as well as rise. You may not recover the amount you invest, and in some cases you may be required to pay more.
Copyright © Proactive Group Holdings Inc, 2026
All Rights Reserved - Proactive North America Inc., Proactive Investors LLC.
Market Indices, Commodities and Regulatory News Headlines copyright © Morningstar. Data delayed 15 minutes unless otherwise indicated.Terms of use.
or