Title: Exploring Analyst Estimates for Coca-Cola (KO) Q1 Earnings, Beyond Revenue and EPS
Date: 2026-04-23 13:15
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/exploring-analyst-estimates-coca-cola-131503011.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude. 
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
Allbirds' AI pivot shows signs of froth in markets, but experts say the underlying fundamentals in AI remain strong.
Dow leaps 850 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch new records in stunning rally amid US-Iran diplomacy hopes
Stocks climbed at the open and oil fell as Iran said the Strait of Hormuz is 'completely open'
The stock market has notched one of its fastest turnarounds in years
Europe is facing a severe jet fuel shortage, with 'maybe six weeks of jet fuel left'
Stocks rebound after Trump says Israel, Lebanon agreed to ceasefire
S&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq rise, with fresh records in view amid hopes for truce
Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions
S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses
The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company
S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled
Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher
US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI
JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks'
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Wall Street analysts forecast that Coca-Cola (KO) will report quarterly earnings of $0.81 per share in its upcoming release, pointing to a year-over-year increase of 11%. It is anticipated that revenues will amount to $12.31 billion, exhibiting an increase of 10.6% compared to the year-ago quarter.
Over the last 30 days, there has been an upward revision of 0.3% in the consensus EPS estimate for the quarter, leading to its current level. This signifies the covering analysts' collective reconsideration of their initial forecasts over the course of this timeframe.
Prior to a company's earnings release, it is of utmost importance to factor in any revisions made to the earnings projections. These revisions serve as a critical gauge for predicting potential investor behaviors with respect to the stock. Empirical studies consistently reveal a strong link between trends in earnings estimate revisions and the short-term price performance of a stock.
While investors typically use consensus earnings and revenue estimates as indicators of quarterly business performance, exploring analysts' projections for specific key metrics can offer valuable insights.
That said, let's delve into the average estimates of some Coca-Cola metrics that Wall Street analysts commonly model and monitor.
The average prediction of analysts places 'Net Operating Revenues- North America' at $4.77 billion. The estimate indicates a year-over-year change of +9.5%.
Analysts predict that the 'Net Operating Revenues- Latin America' will reach $1.71 billion. The estimate points to a change of +15.8% from the year-ago quarter.
Analysts' assessment points toward 'Net Operating Revenues- Asia Pacific' reaching $1.53 billion. The estimate suggests a change of +7.3% year over year.
The combined assessment of analysts suggests that 'Net Operating Revenues- Bottling investments' will likely reach $1.62 billion. The estimate suggests a change of +10.7% year over year.
Analysts expect 'Net Operating Revenues- Europe, Middle East & Africa' to come in at $2.95 billion. The estimate indicates a change of +11.1% from the prior-year quarter.
The consensus among analysts is that 'Net Operating Revenues- Corporate' will reach $32.51 million. The estimate points to a change of +25% from the year-ago quarter.
According to the collective judgment of analysts, 'Operating Income- Europe, Middle East & Africa- Non-GAAP' should come in at $1.23 billion. The estimate compares to the year-ago value of $1.08 billion.
Analysts forecast 'Operating Income- Bottling Investments- Non-GAAP' to reach $140.87 million. The estimate is in contrast to the year-ago figure of $116.00 million.
The consensus estimate for 'Operating income- North America- Non-GAAP' stands at $1.48 billion. The estimate compares to the year-ago value of $1.31 billion.
The collective assessment of analysts points to an estimated 'Operating Income- Asia Pacific- Non-GAAP' of $699.62 million. The estimate is in contrast to the year-ago figure of $644.00 million.
Based on the collective assessment of analysts, 'Operating Income- Latin America- Non-GAAP' should arrive at $1.07 billion. Compared to the present estimate, the company reported $952.00 million in the same quarter last year.
View all Key Company Metrics for Coca-Cola here>>>
Over the past month, shares of Coca-Cola have returned -0.8% versus the Zacks S&P 500 composite's +9.7% change. Currently, KO carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold), suggesting that its performance may align with the overall market in the near future. You can see the complete list of today's Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) stocks here >>>> .
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
CocaCola Company (The) (KO) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio