Title:   Markets Await New Home Sales Data
Date:    2026-05-05 15-19
URL:     https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/markets-await-home-sales-data-151900917.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap. Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin) Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know. Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week. April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation. Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower' The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it) Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience' Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press) Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war. If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans. The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020 The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year. Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed Powell holds what is expected to be his final press conference as chair after the Fed keeps rates steady Fed holds interest rates steady with no end to Iran war in sight Elon Musk testified again in the OpenAI trial, describing his behavior at the company and its nonprofit 'halo' A Senate committee confirmed Kevin Warsh, sending his nomination to be chairman of the Fed to the full Senate Stocks slipped at the open as investors awaited a Fed decision and Big Tech earnings The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1 The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings. The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs. This morning, pre-market futures are higher following a selloff of mixed proportions on Monday. (For instance, the blue-chip Dow fell -557 points, -1.13%, on renewed uncertainty in the Strait of Hormuz, while the tech/AI-centric Nasdaq dipped just -46 points, -0.19%. Today, off early morning highs, the Dow is +200 points, the Nasdaq +206 points and the S&P 500 +32. The small-cap Russell 2000 leads major indexes so far, +23 points, +0.82%.Tensions are escalating in the Strait once again overnight, with shots being traded by Iran and the U.S. Iran has also attacked an oil refinery in the UAE, further hampering global energy supplies. Analysts are concerned the war could heat up from here; unless talks resume in the near term, with both sides serious about achieving peace, they just might be correct. That said, pre-markets are trading as if cooler heads will prevail. This morning, we saw the deepest deficit of 2026 in the U.S. Trade Balance for March: -$60.3 billion was lower than the slightly downwardly revised -$57.8 billion the previous month. That said, the deficit remains in range with the near-term high January’s -$54.7 billion and December’s low -$72.9 billion. Only mild adjustments have been made in this data. Keep in mind: these are still March numbers, before the “rubber hit the road” from the prolonged Iran war. Imports grew +2.3% for the month and Exports +2.0%. We’ve been range-bound on the trade deficit for a year now; will events in the Middle East have shifted our trajectory? Big Pharma staple Pfizer PFE outpaced estimates on both top and bottom lines this morning, with earnings of +$0.75 per share beating expectations by 4 cents, on $14.45 billion in revenues, which were +4.56% above the Zacks consensus. Cancer drugs Padcev and Lorbrena both saw operational growth over +30%. Shares are up mildly on the news, +5.6% year to date. Food commodity supplier Archer Daniels-Midland (ADM) also outperformed expectations on its Q1 bottom line, with earnings of +$0.71 per share easily surpassing the $0.66 anticipated. Revenues of $20.49 billion, however, came in -2.93% lower than consensus. Shares are also up slightly in today’s pre-market, but following +32.7% growth year over year. Oil refiner Marathon Petroleum (MPC) posted perhaps the biggest positive surprise of the morning, with earnings of +$1.65 per share +129% higher than the $0.72 in the Zacks consensus. Revenues were also solidly higher than projections, by +13.88% to $34.57 billion in the quarter. Same deal in the pre-market: up slightly, but +55.3% year to date. Elsewhere, PayPal (PYPL) outperformed estimates on its bottom line this morning — $1.34 per share versus $1.27 estimated, for a +5.51% beat — and Shopify (SHOP) posted earnings of $0.36 per share, 4 cents higher than the Zacks consensus. Yet PayPal shares are selling off -9.6% on the news and Shopify is -7.8% at this hour. The first of the “Jobs Week” data hits after today’s open, when the latest Job Openings and Labor Turnover Survey (JOLTS), for March, hits the tape. Expectations are for job openings to dip a tad to 6.8 million from 6.9 million the prior month. Again, we’ve seen a bit of volatility over the past few months, so we’ll see if this begins to calm down. New Home Sales are expected to have grown in March (working off delated data — February numbers are expected this morning, as well) to +660K. The +587K reported in January was the lowest monthly tally since July of 2022, when mortgage rates were jumping on 40-year-high inflation. After the close today, Zacks Rank #2 (Buy)-rated semiconductor giant Advance Micro Devices (AMD) reports Q1 earnings. Expectations are for +35.42% earnings growth on +32.33% for revenues — clearly the latest winner in the AI-demand sweepstakes. The company last posted an earnings miss back in 2019. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) : Free Stock Analysis Report Pfizer Inc. (PFE) : Free Stock Analysis Report Archer Daniels Midland Company (ADM) : Free Stock Analysis Report Marathon Petroleum Corporation (MPC) : Free Stock Analysis Report PayPal Holdings, Inc. (PYPL) : Free Stock Analysis Report Shopify Inc. (SHOP) : Free Stock Analysis Report This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com). Zacks Investment Research Weʼre unable to load stories right now. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
