Title:   Pfizer (NYSE:PFE) Posts Better-Than-Expected Sales In Q1 CY2026
Date:    2026-05-05 12-13
URL:     https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/healthcare/articles/pfizer-nyse-pfe-posts-better-121302977.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap. Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin) Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know. Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week. April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation. Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower' The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it) Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience' Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press) Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war. If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans. The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020 The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year. Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed Powell holds what is expected to be his final press conference as chair after the Fed keeps rates steady Fed holds interest rates steady with no end to Iran war in sight Elon Musk testified again in the OpenAI trial, describing his behavior at the company and its nonprofit 'halo' A Senate committee confirmed Kevin Warsh, sending his nomination to be chairman of the Fed to the full Senate Stocks slipped at the open as investors awaited a Fed decision and Big Tech earnings The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1 The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings. The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs. Global pharmaceutical company Pfizer (NYSE:PFE) announced better-than-expected revenue in Q1 CY2026, with sales up 5.4% year on year to $14.45 billion. On the other hand, the company’s full-year revenue guidance of $61 billion at the midpoint came in 0.6% below analysts’ estimates. Its non-GAAP profit of $0.75 per share was 3.9% above analysts’ consensus estimates. Is now the time to buy Pfizer? Find out in our full research report. Revenue: $14.45 billion vs analyst estimates of $13.77 billion (5.4% year-on-year growth, 5% beat) Adjusted EPS: $0.75 vs analyst estimates of $0.72 (3.9% beat) The company reconfirmed its revenue guidance for the full year of $61 billion at the midpoint Management reiterated its full-year Adjusted EPS guidance of $2.90 at the midpoint Operating Margin: 18.7%, down from 35.2% in the same quarter last year Organic Revenue rose 2% year on year Market Capitalization: $149.6 billion With roots dating back to 1849 when two German immigrants opened a fine chemicals business in Brooklyn, Pfizer (NYSE:PFE) is a global biopharmaceutical company that discovers, develops, manufactures, and sells medicines and vaccines for a wide range of diseases and conditions. A company’s long-term performance is an indicator of its overall quality. Even a bad business can shine for one or two quarters, but a top-tier one grows for years. Over the last five years, Pfizer grew its sales at a mediocre 4.8% compounded annual growth rate. This wasn’t a great result compared to the rest of the healthcare sector, but there are still things to like about Pfizer. Long-term growth is the most important, but within healthcare, a half-decade historical view may miss new innovations or demand cycles. Pfizer’s annualized revenue growth of 6.4% over the last two years is above its five-year trend, which is encouraging. We can better understand the company’s sales dynamics by analyzing its organic revenue, which strips out one-time events like acquisitions and currency fluctuations that don’t accurately reflect its fundamentals. Over the last two years, Pfizer’s organic revenue averaged 8% year-on-year growth. Because this number is better than its two-year revenue growth, we can see that some mixture of divestitures and foreign exchange rates dampened its headline results. This quarter, Pfizer reported year-on-year revenue growth of 5.4%, and its $14.45 billion of revenue exceeded Wall Street’s estimates by 5%. Looking ahead, sell-side analysts expect revenue to decline by 3.7% over the next 12 months, a deceleration versus the last two years. This projection doesn't excite us and suggests its products and services will face some demand challenges. At least the company is tracking well in other measures of financial health. ALSO WORTH WATCHING: Nvidia’s Quiet Partner. Nvidia’s chips cost a hundred grand. The connectors that make them work cost even more. One company makes them all. Every AI server needs specialized infrastructure the chip companies don’t make. High-speed cables. Power connectors. Thermal sensors. This 90-year-old company built a monopoly on it. The AI boom just started. This stock is still flying under the radar. Claim The Stock Ticker Here for FREE. Adjusted operating margin is an important measure of profitability as it shows the portion of revenue left after accounting for all core expenses – everything from the cost of goods sold to advertising and wages. It’s also useful for comparing profitability across companies because it excludes non-recurring expenses, interest on debt, and taxes. Pfizer has been a well-oiled machine over the last five years. It demonstrated elite profitability for a healthcare business, boasting an average adjusted operating margin of 32%. Analyzing the trend in its profitability, Pfizer’s adjusted operating margin decreased by 3 percentage points over the last five years, but it rose by 14.7 percentage points on a two-year basis. We like Pfizer and hope it can right the ship. In Q1, Pfizer generated an adjusted operating margin profit margin of 18.7%, down 24.5 percentage points year on year. This contraction shows it was less efficient because its expenses grew faster than its revenue. We track the long-term change in earnings per share (EPS) for the same reason as long-term revenue growth. Compared to revenue, however, EPS highlights whether a company’s growth is profitable. Pfizer’s EPS grew at an unimpressive 1.4% compounded annual growth rate over the last five years, lower than its 4.8% annualized revenue growth. This tells us the company became less profitable on a per-share basis as it expanded. We can take a deeper look into Pfizer’s earnings to better understand the drivers of its performance. As we mentioned earlier, Pfizer’s adjusted operating margin declined by 3 percentage points over the last five years. Its share count also grew by 1.2%, meaning the company not only became less efficient with its operating expenses but also diluted its shareholders. In Q1, Pfizer reported adjusted EPS of $0.75, down from $0.92 in the same quarter last year. Despite falling year on year, this print beat analysts’ estimates by 3.9%. Over the next 12 months, Wall Street expects Pfizer’s full-year EPS of $3.06 to shrink by 4.2%. We enjoyed seeing Pfizer beat analysts’ revenue expectations this quarter. We were also glad its EPS outperformed Wall Street’s estimates. On the other hand, its full-year EPS guidance missed and its full-year revenue guidance fell slightly short of Wall Street’s estimates. Zooming out, we think this was a mixed quarter. The stock traded up 1.6% to $26.75 immediately following the results. So do we think Pfizer is an attractive buy at the current price? The latest quarter does matter, but not nearly as much as longer-term fundamentals and valuation, when deciding if the stock is a buy. We cover that in our actionable full research report which you can read here, it’s free. Weʼre unable to load stories right now. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
