Title: Baker Hughes Q1 Revenue Beats Estimates by $260 Million as LNG Orders Surge
Date: 2026-04-24 17:30
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/energy/articles/baker-hughes-q1-revenue-beats-173000454.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude. 
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
Allbirds' AI pivot shows signs of froth in markets, but experts say the underlying fundamentals in AI remain strong.
Dow leaps 850 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch new records in stunning rally amid US-Iran diplomacy hopes
Stocks climbed at the open and oil fell as Iran said the Strait of Hormuz is 'completely open'
The stock market has notched one of its fastest turnarounds in years
Europe is facing a severe jet fuel shortage, with 'maybe six weeks of jet fuel left'
Stocks rebound after Trump says Israel, Lebanon agreed to ceasefire
S&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq rise, with fresh records in view amid hopes for truce
Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions
S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses
The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company
S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled
Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher
US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI
JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks'
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Giant oilfield services company, Baker Hughes (NYSE:BKR), has reported robust first quarter results, with Q1 2026 revenue of $6.59B (+2.5% Y/Y) beating by $260 million; Q1 non-GAAP EPS of $0.58 beat by $0.09 while adjusted net income of $573 million was good for 12% Y/Y increase. The growth was mainly driven by the Industrial & Energy Technology (IET) segment, where orders surged on demand for LNG and gas equipment offset weakness in Oilfield Services caused by Middle East disruptions.While earnings beat expectations, drilling activity was impacted by Middle East tensions, similar to challenges flagged by peers SLB (NYSE:SLB) and Halliburton (NYSE:HAL).
The IET segment posted revenue growth of 14% Y/Y to $3.35 billion thanks to strong demand for data center electricity and LNG, helping to overcome a 7% decline in the Oilfield Services and Equipment (OFSE) segment.
Major contracts included the provision of compressor technology for QatarEnergy LNG's North Field West project as well as securing a massive 5-year services award from Petrobras (NYSE:PBR). The segment recorded orders rising to $4.89B, representing solid 54% year-over-year growth driven by LNG, gas technologies, and sub-utility power generation, including a major deal for 25 BRUSH generators for a data center project. IET, Baker Hughes industrial and energy technology segment,  is heavily involved in decarbonization, with New Energy bookings reaching over $2 billion in 2025, exceeding targets.
Baker Hughes is pivoting towards a diversified energy and industrial technology company, targeting 20% EBITDA margins by 2026-2028 through expansion in LNG, digital solutions, and new energy frontiers like hydrogen and carbon capture. The IET segment is the company's primary growth driver, focusing on LNG infrastructure, high-efficiency gas turbines and industrial decarbonization.
The company is also investing in digital-first asset management through Cordant and AI partnerships such as C3 AI to improve customer efficiency, emissions reduction and operational uptime. Baker Hughes is investing  in hydrogen-ready turbines, carbon capture, utilization, and storage (CCUS) technologies to support net-zero ambitions.
By Alex Kimani for Oilprice.com
More Top Reads From Oilprice.com
JPMorgan Says Oil Prices Still Have Further to Rise
Canada Approves Enbridge's $4 Billion Sunrise Gas Expansion
Eni Misses Q1 Earnings But Lifts Buyback To €2.8 Billion
Oilprice Intelligence brings you the signals before they become front-page news. This is the same expert analysis read by veteran traders and political advisors. Get it free, twice a week, and you'll always know why the market is moving before everyone else.
You get the geopolitical intelligence, the hidden inventory data, and the market whispers that move billions - and we'll send you $389 in premium energy intelligence, on us, just for subscribing. Join 400,000+ readers today. Get access immediately by clicking here.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio