Title: Patterson-UTI Energy Q1 Earnings & Revenues Beat Estimates
Date: 2026-04-24 15:24
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/energy/articles/patterson-uti-energy-q1-earnings-152400961.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude. 
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
Allbirds' AI pivot shows signs of froth in markets, but experts say the underlying fundamentals in AI remain strong.
Dow leaps 850 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch new records in stunning rally amid US-Iran diplomacy hopes
Stocks climbed at the open and oil fell as Iran said the Strait of Hormuz is 'completely open'
The stock market has notched one of its fastest turnarounds in years
Europe is facing a severe jet fuel shortage, with 'maybe six weeks of jet fuel left'
Stocks rebound after Trump says Israel, Lebanon agreed to ceasefire
S&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq rise, with fresh records in view amid hopes for truce
Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions
S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses
The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company
S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled
Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher
US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI
JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks'
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. PTEN reported a first-quarter 2026 adjusted net loss of 6 cents per share, narrower than the Zacks Consensus Estimate of a 10-cent loss. However, the bottom line decreased from the year-ago quarter's breakeven result due to a decrease in operating income in its Drilling Services, Completion Services and Drilling Products segments.
Total revenues of $1.1 billion beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate by 3.1%. This was driven by higher-than-expected revenues from the Drilling Services and Completion Services segments. The Drilling Services and Completion Services segments reported revenues of $351.7 million and $679.6 million, which beat the consensus mark of $350 million and $37.1 million, respectively. However, the top line decreased about 12.8% year over year. This underperformance can be attributed to the decrease in year-over-year segment revenues.
Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. price-consensus-eps-surprise-chart | Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. Quote
PTEN’s board of directors declared a quarterly dividend of 10 cents per share, payable on June 15, 2026, to its common shareholders of record as of June 1.
Drilling Services: Revenues in this segment totaled $351.7 million, down 14.8% from the prior-year quarter’s figure of $412.9 million, but beat our estimate of $350 million.
Operating income amounted to $44.3 million compared with $76.3 million in the first quarter of 2025. The figure beat our operating income estimate of $37.1 million.
Completion Services: This segment’s revenues of $679.6 million decreased about 11.3% from the year-ago quarter’s figure of $766.1 million. However, the metric beat our estimate of $644 million.
Operating loss totaled $20.7 million compared with a loss of $18.8 million in the first quarter of 2025 and was narrower than our estimate of $22.7 million.
Drilling Products: This segment’s revenues of $79.8 million decreased about 6.8% from the year-ago quarter’s figure of $85.7 million and missed our estimate of $82 million.
Operating profit totaled $5.1 million, compared with a profit of $6.7 million in the first quarter of 2025. The number also beat our operating profit estimate of $1.4 million.
Other Services: Revenues amounted to $6.2 million, down almost 61% from the year-ago quarter’s figure of $15.9 million, but beat our estimate of $4.8 million.
Operating profit amounted to $2.1 million against a profit of $0.2 million in the first quarter of 2025. The number also beat our estimate of an operating loss of $1 million.
In the reported quarter, PTEN spent $116.6 million on capital programs compared with $161.8 million in the prior-year period.
As of March 31, 2026, the company had cash and cash equivalents worth $337.2 million and long-term debt of $1.2 billion. Its debt-to-capitalization was 27.8%.
This Zacks Rank #2 (Buy) company reported total operating costs and expenses of $1131.6 million compared with $1263.6 million in the first quarter of 2025.
You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
For the second quarter, the Drilling Services segment is projected to operate at an average U.S. rig count of around 90 rigs. Adjusted gross profit for this segment is anticipated to be about $130 million, including about $5 million in rig reactivation costs, with limited revenue contribution from those rigs during the quarter.
In the Completion Services segment, adjusted gross profit is forecast at roughly $105 million, supported by strong utilization of active equipment. The company will continue to focus on strategic investments aimed at upgrading its asset base with advanced technologies that are expected to deliver superior long-term returns, rather than extending the life of diesel-powered equipment.
For the Drilling Products segment, adjusted gross profit is expected to decline modestly from first-quarter levels, reflecting reduced activity in Canada due to the seasonal spring breakup, along with higher international costs, particularly in the Middle East.
Other operations are expected to generate an adjusted gross profit of about $5 million in the second quarter. Additionally, general and administrative expenses are projected at approximately $67 million, while depreciation, depletion, amortization and impairment expenses are estimated to total around $220 million.
While we have discussed PTEN’s first-quarter results in detail, let us take a look at three other key reports in this space.
Halliburton Company HAL reported first-quarter 2026 adjusted net income per share of 55 cents, beating the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 49 cents. The outperformance primarily reflects successful cost reduction initiatives. However, the bottom line fell from the year-ago adjusted profit of 60 cents due to softer activity in the North American region and the negative impact of geopolitical conflict in the Middle East, which hurt both of the company’s segments.
Meanwhile, revenues of $5.4 billion were 0.3% lower year over year but beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $5.3 billion.
Halliburton reported first-quarter capital expenditure of $192 million. As of March 31, 2026, the company had approximately $2 billion in cash/cash equivalents and $7.1 billion in long-term debt, representing a debt-to-capitalization ratio of 39.6.
Range Resources Corporation RRC reported first-quarter 2026 adjusted earnings of $1.52 per share, which beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $1.33. The bottom line also improved from the prior-year level of 96 cents.
Total quarterly revenues of $1,018.3 million topped the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $919.3 million. The top line increased from the prior-year figure of $854 million.
Strong quarterly results can be attributed to higher gas-equivalent production and increased natural gas price realization.
At the end of the first quarter, Range Resources reported a total debt of $819.3 million, net of deferred financing costs.
EQT Corporation EQT reported first-quarter 2026 adjusted earnings from continuing operations of $2.33 per share, which beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $2.23. The bottom line increased from the year-ago quarter’s figure of $1.18.
Adjusted operating revenues increased to $3,136 million from $2,153 million in the prior-year quarter. The top line beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $3,127 million.
Strong quarterly results were driven by the increase in total sales volumes and higher realized natural gas equivalent prices.
As of March 31, 2026, the company had cash and cash equivalents of $326.6 million and net debt of $5.67 billion.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Halliburton Company (HAL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (PTEN) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Range Resources Corporation (RRC) : Free Stock Analysis Report
EQT Corporation (EQT) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio