Title: 3 Market-Beating Stocks for Long-Term Investors
Date: 2026-04-07 07:49 UTC
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/3-market-beating-stocks-long-074950552.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Stocks that outperform the market usually share key traits such as rising sales, expanding margins, and increasing returns on capital. The select few that can do all three for many years are often the ones that make you life-changing money.

The bottom line is that over the long term, earnings growth goes hand in hand with the biggest winners. Taking that into account, here are three market-beating stocks that could turbocharge your returns.

Five-Year Return: +192%

Founded by a mother seeking treatment for her daughter's pulmonary arterial hypertension, United Therapeutics (NASDAQ:UTHR) develops and commercializes medications for chronic lung diseases and other life-threatening conditions, with a focus on pulmonary hypertension treatments.

Why Is UTHR a Top Pick?

Annual revenue growth of 16.9% over the past two years was outstanding, reflecting market share gains this cycle

Strong free cash flow margin of 34.2% enables it to reinvest or return capital consistently, and its recently improved profitability means it has even more resources to invest or distribute

Rising returns on capital show management is finding more attractive investment opportunities

At $557.68 per share, United Therapeutics trades at 20.1x forward P/E. Is now a good time to buy? Find out in our full research report, it’s free .

Five-Year Return: +199%

Pioneering the intersection of traditional banking and financial technology in the Pacific Northwest, Coastal Financial (NASDAQ:CCB) operates as a bank holding company that provides traditional banking services and Banking-as-a-Service (BaaS) solutions to consumers and businesses.

Why Do We Love CCB?

Impressive 40.1% annual net interest income growth over the last five years indicates it’s winning market share this cycle

Differentiated product suite leads to a Strong performance of its loan book is reflected in its High-yielding loan book and low cost of funds are reflected in its best-in-class net interest margin of 7.1%

Earnings per share grew by 19.6% annually over the last five years, massively outpacing its peers

Coastal Financial’s stock price of $78.80 implies a valuation ratio of 2.1x forward P/B. Is now the right time to buy? See for yourself in our full research report, it’s free .

Five-Year Return: +90.7%

Operating everything from deepwater drilling rigs to corner gas stations, Chevron (NYSE:CVX) explores for, produces, and transports crude oil and natural gas, then refines that crude oil into gasoline, diesel, and other petroleum products.

Why Do We Like CVX?

Annual revenue growth of 14.8% over the last five years beat the sector average and underscores the unique value of its offerings

Massive revenue base of $189 billion makes it a household name that influences purchasing decisions

Has the option to reinvest or return capital to investors as its 11% free cash flow margin is well above its peers

Chevron is trading at $198.66 per share, or 20.7x forward P/E. Is now the time to initiate a position? Find out in our full research report, it’s free .

ONE MORE THING: Top 5 Growth Stocks. The biggest stock winners almost always had one thing in common before they ran. Revenue growing like crazy. Meta. CrowdStrike. Broadcom. Our AI flagged all three. They returned 315%, 314%, and 455%, respectively.

Find out which 5 stocks it's flagging for this month — FREE. Get Our Top 5 Growth Stocks for Free HERE .

Stocks that made our list in 2020 include now familiar names such as Nvidia (+1,326% between June 2020 and June 2025) as well as under-the-radar businesses like the once-small-cap company Comfort Systems (+782% five-year return). Find your next big winner with StockStory today .
