Title: Bailey Warns Iran War Is Compounding Private Credit Stress
Date: 2026-04-09 09:16
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/economy/policy/articles/bailey-warns-iran-war-compounding-091601308.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian. 
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
Nike set the stage for a turnaround, but global events keep getting in its way
Bank of America rips up its economic forecasts as it braces for $100 oil all year on Iran war disruptions
(Bloomberg) -- Financial Stability Board Chair Andrew Bailey warned stresses may be emerging in private credit after the shock to markets from the Iran war.
Bailey, who is also Bank of England governor, said on Thursday that regulators needed to focus on the threat posed by private credit given its rapid rise and the febrile market responses to the conflict in the Middle East.
“Private credit is a relatively opaque world and it’s not yet, of course, because of its relative newness, actually come under stress, and we may be seeing that now,” Bailey said in a hearing in the European Parliament.
Bailey has repeatedly warned of dangers from private credit after its boom since the financial crisis, when efforts to tighten regulation on banks drove corporate borrowers toward investment funds and other routes outside public markets.
There are concerns that any problem in the sector could quickly spread to regulated banks and the wider economy, with Bailey warning of parallels with the subprime debt crisis.
Jamie Dimon, head of JPMorgan Chase & Co., has said there could be more “cockroaches” after the implosion of auto lender Tricolor Holdings and car-parts supplier First Brands Group last year, though he added this month that private credit is unlikely to pose a systemic risk. Meanwhile, the rush of retail investors into private credit funds has slammed into reverse over fears about high-risk investments such as AI infrastructure, forcing some money managers to impose gates on redemptions.
While the FSB chair on Thursday said regulators shouldn’t be surprised by the rapid growth of non-bank lending, Bailey warned of a “double whammy” scenario where volatile markets combined with a loss in confidence in the private credit world. Markets have swung erratically since the US and Israel launched attacks on Iran with increased hedge fund activity in government bond markets thought to be adding to the volatility.
“We’ve got volatile markets, that’s one thing,” he said. “What if the users and the investors and private credits lose confidence in it, and we get a bigger reaction, and what would be the consequences of that? And from a financial stability point of view, we have to be very focused on that.”
Bailey said there is “quite a bit of catch up to do in terms of the transparency of these markets.” The BOE is conducting a stress test of major private lenders to see how the sector would cope with a severe global downturn.
More stories like this are available on bloomberg.com
©2026 Bloomberg L.P.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
