Title:   Jobs data live updates: Layoffs tick up amid high-profile job cuts at Coinbase, Meta, and other workplaces
Date:    2026-05-05 14-21
URL:     https://finance.yahoo.com/economy/live/bls-jobs-report-friday-may-8-jolts-142101464.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap. Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin) Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know. Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week. April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation. Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower' The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it) Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience' Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press) Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war. If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans. The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020 The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year. Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed Powell holds what is expected to be his final press conference as chair after the Fed keeps rates steady Fed holds interest rates steady with no end to Iran war in sight Elon Musk testified again in the OpenAI trial, describing his behavior at the company and its nonprofit 'halo' A Senate committee confirmed Kevin Warsh, sending his nomination to be chairman of the Fed to the full Senate Stocks slipped at the open as investors awaited a Fed decision and Big Tech earnings The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1 The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings. The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs. The narrative about the state of the labor market — whether it remains in stasis or is beginning to heat up — will be shaped by a series of data drops this week. The releases began Tuesday with the federal government’s job openings report, known as JOLTS, which showed there were 6.87 million available positions in March. Next up is Wednesday’s private employment report for April from the payroll processor ADP, then Thursday’s April layoff announcement data from the outplacement firm Challenger, Gray & Christmas. It ends with the mother of all jobs data: the Labor Department’s employment situation report, which will delve into recent payroll growth and last month’s unemployment rate, come Friday at 8:30 a.m. ET. Here’s where the labor market stands, based on what we know now: March’s jobs report was remarkably strong with 178,000 positions added and a slightly lower unemployment rate of 4.3%, yo-yoing from February’s stark loss of 133,000. The hiring rate is very low, which is bad news for unemployed Americans, but so are claims for jobless insurance, meaning not many people are becoming newly unemployed. Economists surveyed by Bloomberg anticipate the economy added 65,000 jobs in April and the unemployment rate remained flat, while also seeing 6.85 million job openings for the month of March — barely any movement from February’s reading. Add Coinbase (COIN) to the list of companies making sweeping layoff plans as they pivot sharply toward artificial intelligence. Yahoo Finance’s David Hollerith reports: Coinbase Global said Tuesday it’s letting go of 700 employees in the coming weeks. The move, which amounts to a 14% reduction in the crypto firm’s headcount as of May 1, is intended to manage operating expenses “in response to current market conditions” and “optimize the Company’s operations for the AI era,” according to a regulatory filing. “Two forces are converging at the same time,” CEO Brian Armstrong said about the restructuring in social media post on X, adding, “We need to be front footed to respond to both.” In addition to the cuts, Armstrong said Coinbase aims to have “no pure managers” and will shrink its organizational structure to a maximum of five layers between top executives and all of the firm’s remaining 4,300 workers. Read more here. One area where job openings have been hit hard? Real estate. Openings in the real estate and rental and leasing category, which includes jobs like leasing and purchase agents, real estate managers, and appraisers, are down by nearly half in the last year, to 64,000 positions, from 123,000 in March 2025. But they’ve improved month over month from February’s 61,000. The busy spring homebuying season is looking slightly stronger than last year, though high mortgage rates and prices are still holding many buyers back. Housing completions have also slowed as builders pull back amid tepid demand. Though job openings were roughly unchanged in March, available positions increased in construction and manufacturing, as well as finance and insurance, where openings increased by 98,000. Availabilities also moved higher in healthcare and social assistance — a sector that has driven much of recent job growth. However, the number of available positions slid in business and professional services, which lost 318,000 openings just between February and March. The unemployment rate for recent college graduates remained elevated in March, above 5% for the ninth consecutive month since July 2025. The rate of unemployed 22-27 year-olds with college degrees fell to 5.6% in March from 5.8% in February, according to data released by the New York Federal Reserve, notching a small month-on-month improvement. The unemployment rate for 22-27 year-olds without college degrees fell month-on-month to 7.2% from 7.7%. The data comes as concerns have increasingly grown that AI could replace large swaths of entry-level white-collar work, the kinds of jobs that college graduates often walk into after finishing their schooling. Companies throughout the U.S. economy have begun laying off workers in large numbers, citing the need for smaller, more efficient teams powered by AI. While there are small month-on-month variations, the unemployment rate for 22-27 year-olds, both with and without college degrees, has been steadily rising since roughly May 2023, according to NY Fed data. Guy Berger, director of economic research at the Burning Glass Institute, wrote on X that the Labor Department’s most recent data release posed “more of a mixed bag than I expected” thanks to improved hiring, worse layoffs, and a steady quits rate in March — all while that month’s jobs report showed stronger payroll growth and a slightly lower unemployment rate of 4.3%. “Layoffs did tick up — a contrast to other high quality indicators in March (CPS, claims),” he wrote in a thread. “I'm not particularly worried about the increase which is probably just noise, though if it progresses further that would be bad.” Are you making enough to get by? Yahoo Finance wants to hear from readers who are willing to share what they earn and how they spend or save their regular paychecks as we cover the rising cost of living. Reach out to emma.ockerman@yahooinc.com for details. Layoffs and discharges moved higher in March, government data showed, hitting 1.9 million compared to 1.7 million in February. The layoff rate, at 1.2%, was at its highest level since October.Where did the job cuts occur? Largely in professional and business services, which saw cuts increase by 99,000 between February and March, according to the Labor Department. Trade, transportation, and utilities also laid off workers. Layoff levels were highest in the Midwest, South, and West. Job openings barely budged in March as the hiring rate reached its highest level in nearly two years, Labor Department data released Tuesday showed. But layoffs also crept higher. Some 6.87 million jobs were open in March, according to the Job Openings and Labor Turnover Survey (JOLTS) from the Bureau of Labor Statistics, slightly above economists’ expectations of 6.85 million openings and just below February’s revised number. The hiring rate, which in February plummeted to its worst level since the early days of the pandemic, improved to 3.5%, matching levels last seen in May 2024. Read more here. Weʼre unable to load stories right now. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
