Title:   This Troubling Trend Has Gone on at Meta Platforms for 3 Straight Quarters
Date:    2026-05-05 13-50
URL:     https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/05/05/this-troubling-trend-has-gone-on-at-meta-platforms/?.tsrc=rss
Content: Meta's costs spiked by 35% last quarter. Meta Platforms (META 1.46%) recently reported earnings, and the stock hasn't been jumping on the news, despite achieving a fairly high growth rate. Although the business has been performing relatively well in recent quarters, with its growth rate consistently over 20%, that hasn't been enough to convince investors that it's worth investing in. There's been one concerning trend that's been emerging recently, as it has been spending more on its long-term growth opportunities, which may be hurting its appeal with growth investors. For a third consecutive quarter, its costs rose at a faster pace than its top line. Image source: Getty Images. When costs grow faster than the top line, margins shrink, and less of the company's revenue growth flows through to the bottom line. And for a third consecutive quarter, Meta's costs and expenses rose at a faster rate than revenue. For the first quarter, which ended on March 31, Meta's top line rose by an impressive rate of 33%. However, its costs increased by 35%. In the previous period, costs rose by 40% (versus 24% revenue growth), and in the period prior to that, costs grew by 32% while revenue was up by just 26%. This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason. While Meta's operating margin has remained high at 41% this past quarter, investors may be more concerned about the bigger picture and what its profit growth might look like in the future, with Meta continuing to spend heavily on artificial intelligence (AI). If its growth rate, which was a bit higher than usual this past quarter, dips, then the delta between its rate of expense growth versus revenue growth will widen significantly, and that can have a more pronounced effect on its margins. Entering trading this week, Meta's stock was up around 2% over the past 12 months, which is far below the S&P 500's impressive gains of 27% during that stretch. Despite its fairly strong financial results, investors appear to be concerned about Meta's business and long-term growth potential, and I also question how strong its numbers will be if it continues to spend heavily on AI. When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 963%* — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 201% for the S&P 500. They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now, available when you join Stock Advisor. *Stock Advisor returns as of May 5, 2026.  The company has been aggressive in the past in spending aggressively to take advantage of new and emerging opportunities, and my concern is that it may once again be going in the same direction, this time with AI. While a fast growth rate may mask that for a while, that may not be the case over the long term. And although the stock may not look terribly expensive today, trading at a forward earnings multiple of just 20 (based on analyst expectations), it's by no means a no-brainer buy; there's plenty of risk with Meta's stock.       Before you buy stock in Meta Platforms, consider this: The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Meta Platforms wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $490,864!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,216,789!* Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 963% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 201% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors. See the 10 stocks › *Stock Advisor returns as of May 5, 2026.   David Jagielski, CPA has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Meta Platforms. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 18 Nvidias. What in the world could be worth 18 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited. Continue ›  *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason. Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services. Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. © 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io. About The Motley Fool Our Services Around the Globe Free Tools Affiliates & Friends
