Title:   MNTN Releases QuickFrame AI 3.0 with a Major Feature Expansion, Delivering TV-Ready Commercials in Minutes
Date:    2026-05-05 13-00
URL:     https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/technology/articles/mntn-releases-quickframe-ai-3-130000804.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap. Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin) Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know. Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week. April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation. Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower' The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it) Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience' Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press) Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war. If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans. The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020 The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year. Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed Powell holds what is expected to be his final press conference as chair after the Fed keeps rates steady Fed holds interest rates steady with no end to Iran war in sight Elon Musk testified again in the OpenAI trial, describing his behavior at the company and its nonprofit 'halo' A Senate committee confirmed Kevin Warsh, sending his nomination to be chairman of the Fed to the full Senate Stocks slipped at the open as investors awaited a Fed decision and Big Tech earnings The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1 The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings. The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs. Now out of beta, QuickFrame AI brings idea generation, storyboarding, editing, and iteration into one platform, enabling advertisers to create professional-grade video faster. NEW YORK, May 05, 2026--(BUSINESS WIRE)--MNTN (NYSE: MNTN), the technology platform that brings performance marketing to Connected TV, today announced the latest evolution of QuickFrame AI 3.0, its AI-powered creative platform built to help brands create premium video ads faster, easier, and with greater control. Now widely available, QuickFrame AI moves AI-generated video beyond clips into production-ready, professional-quality short-form and TV creative. Built for both individual marketers and professional creative teams, the platform combines open model access with a robust editing suite, giving advertisers everything they need to go from idea to live campaign in minutes. With a simplified creation and editing experience, new subscription tiers, and direct publishing paths to MNTN Performance TV, Instagram, Facebook, TikTok, and YouTube, QuickFrame AI is built to scale. "The world went 0 to 100 on ai video generation in one year," said Mark Douglas, Founder and CEO of MNTN. "The next frontier is about multi-scene, professional-grade video. QuickFrame has everything from storyboarding, to editing, to saving castable characters across videos, making it optimal for brands creating commercials that have real money behind them." The enhanced QuickFrame AI supports leading generative models across video, image, text, voiceover, music, and sound effects, including Seedance 2.0, fal, Kling, Pixverse, WellSaid, ElevenLabs, Shutterstock, Brandfetch and more, giving advertisers access to best-in-class tools available. From Idea Generation to Full Creative Control With this release, QuickFrame AI evolves into a complete creative platform, enabling brands to move beyond generation into story boarding, advanced editing and production workflows. New capabilities include: Brand Profile Creator to maintain consistent brand identity Saveable characters, locations and products across videos Scene Generation to build dynamic, multi-shot narratives Storyboard Editor to create videos with any number of scenes Single & Multi-Character Dialogue for more expressive, story-driven ads Camera, Lighting & Mood Controls to fine-tune the look and feel of every scene Mix AI + Live Footage by combining generated video with recorded content UGC & Influencer Styles to create social native, platform-ready creative Collaborative Editing for teams to create and iterate together Multi-Format Video Creation supporting vertical, square, and 16:9 formats and any duration Together, these updates make QuickFrame AI a more powerful creative engine, built for real-world workflows and designed to take ideas from concept to live campaign, fast. Learn more at quickframe.com. About MNTN MNTN (NYSE: MNTN) is the Hardest Working Software in Television™, bringing unrivaled performance and simplicity to Connected TV advertising. Our self-serve technology makes running TV ads as easy as search and social and helps brands drive measurable conversions, revenue, site visits, and more. MNTN was named one of Fast Company’s Most Innovative Companies and Next Big Things in Tech and was recently featured on the cover of INC’s Best in Business Issue. For more information, please visit https://mntn.com. View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20260505780202/en/ Contacts Press Contact: press@mountain.com Weʼre unable to load stories right now. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
