Title: BRK.B Reshuffles Portfolio: Focuses on Stability and Diversification?
Date: 2026-05-20 18:23
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/brk-b-reshuffles-portfolio-focuses-182300709.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results The Trump administration plans to invest $2 billion in quantum computing, expanding its broader push into strategic industries The Dow clinched a record high as stocks rebounded on optimism for a US-Iran peace deal US stocks turned higher as oil prices fell on hopes of a US-Iran peace deal Quantum stocks jump as Trump administration doles out $2 billion in exchange for equity US stocks fell as oil prices rose amid doubts about US-Iran peace talks The bond market's signal to the Fed: Interest rates should be higher SpaceX files IPO prospectus, offering a rare look at the company's finances Nvidia beats earnings estimates, gives upbeat outlook on strong chip sales The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq rallied as oil fell and Nvidia earnings were on deck The ChatGPT maker is reportedly preparing to file for an IPO in the coming weeks, with plans to go public as early as September Oil plunges as Trump says US in 'final stages' of Iran deal After an unsteady start, stocks gained as oil prices fell and a bond sell-off paused S&P 500, Nasdaq rise in countdown to Nvidia results The chip giant is set to report results Wednesday as its stock climbs higher and rivals close in. Here's what to expect. The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq fell as bond yields surged amid rate hike concerns Google unveils biggest update to Search in 25 years, including AI agents Trump traded over $50 million in Big Tech stocks last quarter, selling Tesla and buying more Apple, new ethics disclosure shows US stocks slid at the open as bond yields rose and tech stocks extended their retreat AI is likely to concentrate power among corporate giants and leave everyone else further behind, Goldman Sachs says The S&P 500 and Nasdaq slipped as chip stocks fell and investors weighed inflation fears Elon Musk loses trial against OpenAI There are 3 issues that appear little changed after Trump's China summit US stocks rise as yields climb amid inflation worries America's CEOs call out where food prices are rising The housing market is starting to look K-shaped, too Anthropic's shadow IPO market is already flashing trillion-dollar prices Investors eye Nvidia, bond yields, and the next commodity supercycle Wall Street sees bubble-like euphoria in AI-fueled semiconductor rally Should you buy Series I bonds as inflation heats up again? Travel is still on, but rising costs reshape summer vacation plans Executives are blaming layoffs on AI, but research shows AI is 'not the main driver' of US labor slowdown. Intel announces a multiyear partnership deal with McLaren's F1 racing team Here are the most anticipated IPOs in 2026 History's weirdest bubbles have a message for the AI trade Kevin Warsh is set to take over leading the Fed amid one of the most dynamic economic backdrops in modern history Trump’s 'insane amount of trades' astonish Wall Street insiders (Bloomberg) SpaceX accelerates IPO timeline, targets market debut as early as June 12 (Reuters) The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq sank as US bond yields jumped to end a volatile week on a downbeat note The 30-year Treasury yield just broke to its highest level in almost 20 years Nasdaq leads dive in US stocks, with yields jumping amid inflation jitters Cerebras soared on its market debut. Here's how the company plans to take on Nvidia with a new approach to chip technology. Stocks gained, with the Dow closing above 50,000 and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq notching fresh records Cerebras stock surged 100% within minutes of trading in what is expected to be 2026's biggest IPO The Dow retook 50,000 and the S&P 500 topped 7,500 as the AI trade lifted stocks US stocks rise as Nvidia jumps, Trump-Xi summit kicks off Xi Jinping tells US CEOs that 'China's door will only open wider' Micron wiped out roughly $100 billion in market value at Tuesday’s low — and chip bulls still bought the dip Tech stocks led the S&P 500 and Nasdaq to record highs, while the Dow slipped The US Senate confirmed Kevin Warsh as the new chairman of the Federal Reserve with a final vote of 54-45 The 10-year Treasury yield hovered just below 4.5% after hot inflation data, raising concerns stocks could come under pressure Berkshire Hathaway Inc. BRK.B has been rebalancing its investment portfolio yet again to have a stable income-generating and geographically diverse portfolio. While the company has increased its stakes in Japanese companies, it has exited positions in payment giants and shifted focus toward airlines.Berkshire now holds more than 10% stake in all five major trading houses — Itochu, Marubeni, Mitsubishi, Mitsui and Sumitomo. Several factors continue to support Berkshire’s growing presence in Japan. Corporate governance reforms have improved transparency and capital efficiency, making Japanese firms increasingly attractive to foreign investors. At the same time, Japanese equities remain relatively inexpensive compared with U.S. peers, offering appealing long-term return potential. Berkshire is also planning to invest nearly $1.8 billion in Tokio Marine Holdings. Per the 13F filing of Berkshire, the conglomerate exited positions in payment giants Mastercard and Visa, as well as in managed care behemoth UnitedHealth Group and insurance broker Aon. It lowered the stakes in Bank of America and Chevron. The filing also stated Berkshire bought 39.8 million shares for $2.6 billion in Delta Air Lines, marking its comeback in the airline industry.  Berkshire also increased its position in Alphabet, one of the most innovative companies in the modern technological age and one of the Magnificent Seven stocks.This revamp takes place under the leadership of new CEO Greg Abel, who took over stewardship of the behemoth from legendary Warren Buffett. These strategic moves continue to underscore Berkshire’s intention to ensure uninterrupted cash flow generation, which in turn can be deployed in share buybacks and opportunistic investments. Progressive Corporation’s PGR inorganic growth strategy focuses on building scale, technology and distribution while reinforcing its insurance portfolio. Progressive pursues disciplined, selective deals that deliver strategic value and complement its core strengths. Through targeted acquisitions, Progressive enhances efficiency and customer reach, ensuring long-term competitiveness in a dynamic insurance landscape.Travelers Companies’ TRV inorganic growth strategy emphasizes reinforcing core insurance strengths while expanding into complementary markets. Travelers seeks disciplined acquisitions that enhance underwriting, technology and distribution capabilities. With a focus on sustainable shareholder value, Travelers carefully evaluates opportunities that bolster its competitive edge while maintaining a conservative balance sheet. Shares of BRK.B have lost 4.7% year to date, underperforming the industry. Image Source: Zacks Investment Research BRK.B trades at a price-to-book value ratio of 1.42, above the industry average of 1.38. Image Source: Zacks Investment Research The Zacks Consensus Estimate for BRK.B’s second-quarter 2026 earnings per share (EPS) has witnessed no movement over the past 30 days but moved south in the same time frame. The consensus estimates for 2026 and 2027 have moved north in the last 30 days. Image Source: Zacks Investment Research The consensus estimate for BRK.B’s 2026 and 2027 revenues indicates year-over-year increases. While the consensus estimate for BRK.B’s 2026 EPS indicates a decline, the same for 2027 suggests an increase.BRK.B stock currently carries a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy). You can seethe complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report The Travelers Companies, Inc. (TRV) : Free Stock Analysis Report Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (BRK.B) : Free Stock Analysis Report The Progressive Corporation (PGR) : Free Stock Analysis Report This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com). Zacks Investment Research Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
