Title: Moderna eyes international markets as growth driver, says Bank of America
Date: 2026-04-08 16:58
URL: https://www.proactiveinvestors.com/companies/news/1090218/bank-of-america-flags-international-opportunities-as-key-growth-driver-for-moderna-1090218.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Pharma & Biotech
Gold & Silver
Crypto
Battery Metals
Artificial Intelligence
The content on this Site is provided for information purposes only and does not constitute investment advice, a personal recommendation, an offer or solicitation to buy or sell securities, or any other regulated activity. It should not be relied upon as the basis for any investment decision.
Before making any investment decision, you should:
Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future results. The value of investments can fall as well as rise. You may not recover the amount you invest, and in some cases you may be required to pay more.
Emily began her career as a political journalist for Australian Community Media in Hobart, Tasmania. After she relocated to Toronto, Canada, she reported on business, legal, and scientific developments in the emerging psychedelics sector before joining Proactive in 2022. She brings a strong journalism background with her work featured in newspapers, magazines, and digital publications across Australia, Europe, and North America, including The Examiner, The Advocate, The Canberra Times, and... Read more
Proactive financial news and online broadcast teams provide fast, accessible, informative and actionable business and finance news content to a global investment audience. All our content is produced independently by our experienced and qualified teams of news journalists.
Proactive news team spans the world’s key finance and investing hubs with bureaus and studios in London, New York, Toronto, Vancouver, Sydney and Perth. 
We are experts in medium and small-cap markets, we also keep our community up to date with blue-chip companies, commodities and broader investment stories. This is content that excites and engages motivated private investors.
The team delivers news and unique insights across the market including but not confined to: biotech and pharma, mining and natural resources, battery metals, oil and gas, crypto and emerging digital and EV technologies.
Proactive has always been a forward looking and enthusiastic technology adopter.
Our human content creators are equipped with many decades of valuable expertise and experience. The team also has access to and use technologies to assist and enhance workflows.
Proactive will on occasion use automation and software tools, including generative AI. Nevertheless, all content published by Proactive is edited and authored by humans, in line with best practice in regard to content production and search engine optimisation.

Published: 12:58 08 Apr 2026 EDT
  
Moderna Inc (NASDAQ:MRNA, XETRA:0QF) is expected to highlight progress in international COVID-19 vaccine markets when it reports first quarter 2026 results, according to analysts at Bank of America.
They noted that the 2025-2026 vaccine season is winding down, and the company’s litigation risks are largely in the past following a $950 million upfront payment in the first quarter, though analysts note the potential for up to $1.3 billion in additional payments depending on the outcome of an ongoing legal appeal.
In the US, Moderna has indicated that a shift to its higher-priced mNEXSPIKE product could help offset stagnating or declining vaccination rates.
Outside the US, investors are expected to focus on agreements with countries such as the UK, which could contribute an estimated $200 million in the first quarter. Bank of America noted that "many markets are opening to Moderna following expiry of pandemic-era agreements," suggesting the international market could be a significant growth driver.
Bank of America projects that Moderna’s ex-US opportunities will remain a focal point throughout the year, as management has indicated that both U.S. and international markets will contribute to the company’s guidance of up to 10% revenue growth in 2026.
The analysts slightly reduced their revenue projections for Moderna’s respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) vaccine, describing the market as “still a show-me story,” while increasing COVID-19 revenue expectations based on updated vaccination rate assumptions.
Overall, Bank of America estimates blended revenue growth of approximately 7% in 2026 compared with 2025, within the company’s guidance range.
For the first quarter, total revenues are projected at $305 million, including $200 million from the U.K. COVID booster program and $50 million from a partnership with Pennsylvania-based partners. Investors will also monitor updates on influenza vaccine submissions and the timing of data for Moderna’s candidate intismeran.
Bank of America reiterated its ‘Underperform’ rating and $31 price target, noting that shares are running ahead of intismeran updates this year.
Moderna stock traded up 3.5% at about $52 on Wednesday afternoon.
Sign up to receive alerts and news direct to your inbox
BioVie CEO Cuong Do joined Steve Darling from Proactive to discuss the company’s novel approach to treating Parkinson’s disease, focusing on neuroinflammation and insulin resistance as key drivers of the condition.Do challenged the traditional view of Parkinson’s as solely a dopamine-related...
Copyright © Proactive Group Holdings Inc, 2026
All Rights Reserved - Proactive North America Inc., Proactive Investors LLC.
Market Indices, Commodities and Regulatory News Headlines copyright © Morningstar. Data delayed 15 minutes unless otherwise indicated. Terms of use.

