Title: Is JPM a Buy Before Q1 Earnings in a Volatile Geopolitical Backdrop?
Date: 2026-04-09 12:15
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/jpm-buy-q1-earnings-volatile-121500652.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian. 
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
Nike set the stage for a turnaround, but global events keep getting in its way
Bank of America rips up its economic forecasts as it braces for $100 oil all year on Iran war disruptions
JPMorgan JPM is slated to report first-quarter 2026 earnings on April 14. As the largest U.S. bank, its earnings are closely scrutinized for signals on the broader financial sector and serve as a bellwether for other banks’ performance for the quarter.JPM’s 2025 performance was impressive, driven by strong investment banking (IB) and trading, as well as remarkable growth in credit card and wholesale loans. The company’s upcoming quarterly results will likely be solid. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for revenues of $48.2 billion suggests a 6.4% year-over-year rise.In the past week, the consensus estimate for first-quarter earnings has moved marginally lower to $5.41. This indicates a 6.7% increase from the prior-year quarter’s level, as robust capital markets performance and decent loan demand offer support.
Estimate Revision Trend
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
JPMorgan has an impressive earnings surprise history. Its earnings outpaced the Zacks Consensus Estimate in each of the trailing four quarters, with the average beat being 7.75%.
Earnings Surprise History
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Net Interest Income (NII): In the first quarter, the Federal Reserve kept interest rates unchanged. This, along with a solid lending scenario and stabilizing funding/deposit costs, is expected to have offered much-needed support to JPM’s NII. Per the Fed’s latest data, the demand for commercial and industrial and consumer loans was impressive in the first two months of the quarter, while real estate loan demand was subdued.The Zacks Consensus Estimate for NII (reported) of $25.6 billion suggests a 10.1% jump on a year-over-year basis. Investment Banking (IB) Fees: Deal-making activity was impressive in the first quarter of 2026, despite the Middle Eastern conflict and the ensuing uncertainty about its impact on the economy in the last month of the quarter. While global mergers and acquisitions (M&As) volume declined year over year, deal value was up as big transactions dominated the space. Unlike last year, when President Trump’s announcement of ‘Liberation Day’ tariff plans led to the deal drought for several months, this time, companies acknowledged that volatility is part of life, and they will have to do business around it. Lower capital costs and a focus on scale and AI integration drove the M&As. Also, JPMorgan’s leadership in the space is likely to have aided advisory fees. The first quarter saw decent IPO activity, with issuance volume improving despite fewer companies getting listed. On the other hand, global bond issuance volume was solid. Thus, growth in JPM’s underwriting fees (accounting for almost 60% of total IB fees) is expected to have been strong during the to-be-reported quarter.Management expects IB fees to rise in the mid-teen percentage in the first quarter of 2026, potentially trending toward the high teens.The consensus estimate for IB revenues (in the CIB segment) of $2.9 billion implies a surge of 28% from the prior-year quarter. Markets Revenues: Client activity and market volatility were strong in the first quarter. Major factors that impacted trading business in the quarter included shifting expectations around AI, rising geopolitical tensions, particularly concerns over the Middle East and the risk of an oil shock, persistent inflation concerns and uncertainty around the Fed’s monetary policy stance. Volatility was high in equity markets and other asset classes, including commodities, bonds and foreign exchange. Hence, JPMorgan is likely to have recorded robust growth in markets revenues (comprising nearly 20% of the company’s total revenues) this time around.Management expects markets revenues for the first quarter to grow at a mid-teens percentage rate on a year-over-year basis.The Zacks Consensus Estimate for equity markets revenues is pegged at $4.77 billion, suggesting a jump of 25% from the prior-year quarter. The consensus estimate for fixed-income markets revenues of $6.78 billion indicates growth of 16%. Mortgage Banking Fees: The first quarter was challenging for the mortgage banking business. It was characterized by elevated mortgage rates, hovering around 6.0-6.5%, and low affordability. While purchase volume faced pressure from inventory constraints, refinance activity has seen a slight boost from 2025 lows. As such, JPMorgan is expected to have posted a modest increase in mortgage banking fees in the to-be-reported quarter.The consensus estimate for mortgage fees and related income of $327.3 million implies a 17.7% increase from the prior-year quarter’s level. Expenses: JPMorgan’s plan of entering new markets by opening branches, which is already on track, along with efforts to expand the product suite, is likely to have resulted in an increase in operating expenses in the first quarter. Also, investments in technology to strengthen digital offerings might have led to higher costs.Asset Quality: JPMorgan is likely to have set aside a huge amount of money for potential delinquent loans amid a challenging operating backdrop marked by the Middle East conflict and the apprehensions surrounding the private credit markets. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for non-performing loans of $10.62 billion implies a 23.2% rise year over year. The consensus estimate for non-performing assets of $11.18 billion suggests a 22.7% jump.
Per our proven model, the chances of an earnings beat for JPMorgan are high this time. The combination of a positive Earnings ESP and a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), 2 (Buy) or 3 (Hold) increases the odds of an earnings beat. That is the case here, as you can see below.JPMorgan has an Earnings ESP of +1.32%. You can uncover the best stocks to buy or sell before they’re reported with our Earnings ESP Filter.JPM carries a Zacks Rank #3 at present. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here.
JPMorgan shares delivered a weak performance in the first quarter, falling behind the S&P 500 Index.  The stock lagged behind Citigroup C, while performing better than Bank of America BAC.
1Q26 JPM Price Performance
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Citigroup is slated to announce quarterly numbers on the same day as JPMorgan, while Bank of America will announce first-quarter 2026 numbers on April 15. JPM’s shares appear slightly expensive relative to the industry. The stock is currently trading at a forward 12-month price/earnings (P/E) of 13.47X, which is above the industry’s 12.80X.
Price-to-Earnings F12M
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Also, JPM stock is trading at a premium compared with Citigroup and Bank of America. At present, Citigroup has a forward P/E of 10.63X, while Bank of America’s forward P/E is 10.90X.
JPMorgan is well-positioned to benefit from its scale, diversified business mix and leading market positions across key segments. Its 2023 acquisition of First Republic Bank continues to bolster financial performance, while regional branch expansion and cross-selling efforts should support future growth. Although these initiatives may keep expenses elevated, they also strengthen the bank’s competitive moat and long-term growth outlook.However, the volatile nature of capital markets is expected to keep fee income growth subdued, and persistent asset quality pressures may remain a concern.Investors should closely watch management’s commentary on how geopolitical risk and market volatility affected performance and how the firm plans to navigate the current environment. Any revisions to JPMorgan’s 2026 guidance for NII, IB, non-interest expense and asset quality will be especially important given recent macro developments. Broader macroeconomic and policy trends that could materially shape the company’s performance trajectory should also be carefully considered.Existing shareholders may hold JPM stock, given its strong fundamentals and proven resilience. Potential investors, on the other hand, should carefully weigh these factors and assess their risk tolerance before initiating new positions.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Bank of America Corporation (BAC) : Free Stock Analysis Report
JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Citigroup Inc. (C) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
