Title: Exxon Mobil (XOM) Expects Decline in Q1 Production Amid Middle East Disruptions
Date: 2026-04-14 02:09
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/energy/articles/exxon-mobil-xom-expects-decline-020943549.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational. Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) is included among the15 Best Blue Chip Stocks to Buy Now. Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) is one of the largest integrated fuels, lubricants, and chemical companies in the world. Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) announced on April 8 that it expects the ongoing Middle East conflict to cut its Q1 production by 6% compared to Q4 2025, when it produced ​5 million boe/day. The company’s upstream assets in Qatar and the United Arab Emirates, which accounted for approximately 20% of its total global oil production in 2025, have been impacted by the disruptions amid the war. That said, the conflict has lifted global crude oil prices by over 65% since the beginning of the year. Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) expects the soaring prices to boost its Q1 earnings by up to $2.9 billion compared to the previous quarter. However, the oil giant’s downstream earnings could face a temporary reduction of around $5.3 billion due ⁠to the so-called timing effects connected to derivative contracts and cargoes that were not delivered due to the war. Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) is scheduled to announce its Q1 2026 results on May 1. While we acknowledge the potential of XOM as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on thebest short-term AI stock. READ NEXT:15 Best American Energy Stocks to Buy According to Wall Street Analystsand15 Best S&P 500 Stocks to Buy Right Now Disclosure: None.Follow Insider Monkey on Google News. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
