Title:   Harley-Davidson, USAA, The Home Depot and FedEx Named Among America’s Most Patriotic Companies 2026 by Newsweek
Date:    2026-05-05 15-30
URL:     https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/technology/articles/harley-davidson-usaa-home-depot-153000251.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap. Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin) Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know. Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week. April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation. Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower' The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it) Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience' Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press) Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war. If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans. The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020 The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year. Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed Powell holds what is expected to be his final press conference as chair after the Fed keeps rates steady Fed holds interest rates steady with no end to Iran war in sight Elon Musk testified again in the OpenAI trial, describing his behavior at the company and its nonprofit 'halo' A Senate committee confirmed Kevin Warsh, sending his nomination to be chairman of the Fed to the full Senate Stocks slipped at the open as investors awaited a Fed decision and Big Tech earnings The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1 The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings. The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs. NEW YORK, May 05, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Newsweek, in partnership with Plant-A Insights Group, today announced its list of America’s Most Patriotic Companies 2026, recognizing organizations that demonstrate outstanding commitment to the United States through corporate responsibility, community engagement, and support for American values. This year’s list recognizes a range of iconic brands across industries for their ongoing support of veterans, local communities, and the values that define the nation. Honorees include Prudential Financial, The Coca-Cola Company, Merck, and Snap-on. Companies were assessed across three key dimensions: Corporate Social Responsibility, Representation of American Values, and Perceived Patriotism. Additional survey weighting was applied to responses from individuals with service backgrounds, including military, police and fire personnel. Additional research analyzed companies’ support for communities during major natural disasters, as well as reputational integrity and real-world impact. “For many, a brand’s dedication to American values is just as important as the products they sell,” said Jennifer H. Cunningham, Editor-in-Chief of Newsweek. “Newsweek is proud to recognize the organizations that lead the way in patriotism, from supporting veterans to championing local manufacturing. This ranking celebrates the companies that have distinguished themselves by putting national identity and community service at the heart of their business, earning the ultimate trust of American consumers.” As patriotism plays an increasingly important role in consumer trust and purchasing decisions, companies like Harley-Davidson, long associated with American heritage, and USAA, known for its deep support of military members and their families, stand out alongside leaders such as The Home Depot and FedEx for their tangible contributions to the country and its communities. The full list of America’s Most Patriotic Companies 2026 can be viewed here: rankings.newsweek.com/americas-most-patriotic-companies-2026 About Newsweek:Newsweek is the global digital news organization built around the iconic 94-year-old American magazine. Newsweek reaches 100 million people monthly with its thought-provoking news, opinion, images, graphics, and video delivered across a dozen print and digital platforms. Headquartered in New York City, Newsweek also publishes international editions in 50 countries. Contact:Alyssa M. TognettiBroadsheet Communications for Newsweekalyssa@broadsheetcomms.com  Weʼre unable to load stories right now. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
