Title:   Analyst Raises Price Target on UnitedHealth Group (UNH), Keeps ‘Neutral’ Rating
Date:    2026-04-14
URL:     https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/healthcare/articles/analyst-raises-price-target-unitedhealth-021441954.html?.tsrc=rss
--Article Content--
Oops, something went wrong
UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH) is included among the15 Best Blue Chip Stocks to Buy Now.
UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH) is a health care and well-being company with team members in two distinct and complementary businesses – its insurance wing, UnitedHealthcare, and its health services segment, Optum.
On April 7, BofA analyst Kevin Fischbeck raised the firm’s price target on UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH) from $315 to $337, while maintaining a ‘Neutral’ rating on the shares. The revised target indicates an upside of over 10% from the current levels.
The update comes as BofA increased its price target for several managed care companies, pointing to improved multiples after CMS finalized Medicare Advantage rates for next year, as the rule provides visibility on 2027 rates.  According to the analyst firm, the net rate increase of 2.48% exceeded expectations, topping the high end of the 1% to 2% improvement that the market had projected.
Similarly, the analysts over at Raymond James also turned bullish on UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH) earlier this month, upgrading the stock from ‘Market Perform’ to ‘Outperform’ (read the details here).
While we acknowledge the potential of UNH as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on thebest short-term AI stock.
READ NEXT:15 Best American Energy Stocks to Buy According to Wall Street Analystsand15 Best S&P 500 Stocks to Buy Right Now
Disclosure: None.Follow Insider Monkey on Google News.