Title: 2 Low-Volatility ETFs Built for the Choppy Market We Are Seeing in April 2026
Date: 2026-04-09 16:35
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/09/2-low-volatility-etfs-built-for-the-choppy-market/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
These ETFs are actually posting positive year-to-date returns.
April has been full of surprises the past few years, and not necessarily good ones. Two years ago, the S&P 500 fell 4% in April as inflation rates remained high and expectations for rate cuts dropped. Last year, President Donald Trump's Liberation Day tariffs threw the markets into a tizzy, as stocks tanked early in the month only to recover on a tariff pause later in the month.
This year, markets are dealing with war in Iran and geopolitical uncertainty that are impacting energy prices and could have knock-on effects throughout the economy.
One thing the market hates is uncertainty, and we have it in spades right now. That means you could go bargain hunting for cheap stocks with high upside, but it also means that it's wise to have some ballast in your portfolio -- investments that are safe, low in volatility, and made to navigate choppy markets.
Here are two exchange-traded funds (ETFs) that are built for these highly uncertain times.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Image source: Getty Images.
In uncertain markets, it is good to have an ETF that is actively managed, because the portfolio management team can make changes to the fund to smooth out the short-term volatility while maintaining long-term performance. The Federated Hermes U.S. Strategic Dividend ETF (FDV +0.63%) is one actively managed ETF that does just that. 
The fund management team focuses on stocks that generate income and long-term capital appreciation, investing primarily in high-dividend-paying U.S. stocks with dividend growth potential. High dividend yields are critical in down markets because they provide the potential for higher returns when they are invested back into the ETF.
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name. 
Plus, the dividend-paying stocks are often stable investments -- value stocks that tend to perform well when the broader markets do not. Currently, the top three holdings are Paychex, Chevron, and PNC Financial. 
The portfolio has a beta of 0.59, which means it is significantly less volatile than the overall market based on the designated baseline beta of 1. So, when the market drops, say, 10%, this ETF would drop about 6%.
The ETF's returns are also strong. While the ETF doesn't yet have a five-year track record, it is up 7.5% year to date, 12.5% over the past 12 months, and 11.5% on average over the past three years. 
I wrote about the merits of the Franklin International Low Volatility High Dividend ETF (LVHI 0.12%) in March, and it remains a great option in April.
Like the Federated Hermes ETF, the Franklin Low Volatility High Dividend ETF is actively managed, and that has been beneficial in this type of market for the reasons stated above. And like the Federated Hermes ETF, it focuses on stable, dividend-paying stocks that are less volatile. The added feature of this ETF is that it is diversified globally, with international stocks from nearly 20 countries.
The portfolio management team looks for stocks with a combination of high dividends, low volatility, and sustainable earnings. It results in a portfolio of high-quality companies from across the globe that tend to perform steadily in all different types of environments -- and that really shows up when the broader markets are down.
The outperformance this year for LVHI is staggering, as the ETF is up nearly 11% year to date. Over the past 12 months, as of April 6, it has returned 36.5%, which beats the S&P 500 and the MSCI World Index. 

The ETF also has solid longer-term results, with average annualized returns of 15% and 10% over the past three- and five-year periods, respectively. But when the broader markets are negative, this ETF really shows its strength and becomes an invaluable part of a portfolio.
It should be noted that Franklin also offers a U.S. version, the Franklin U.S. Low Volatility High Dividend ETF (LVHD +0.87%), which deploys a similar strategy, but for U.S. stocks. It has also performed well, up 7.2% year to date and 11.4% over the past 12 months. 

 


Before you buy stock in Federated Hermes ETF Trust - Federated Hermes U.s. Strategic Dividend ETF, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Federated Hermes ETF Trust - Federated Hermes U.s. Strategic Dividend ETF wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $536,003!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,116,248!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 946% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 190% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2026. 

Dave Kovaleski has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Chevron. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 55 Metas.
What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
