Title: The Great Rotation Crushed These "Magnificent Seven" Stocks. Billionaire Investors Are Loading Up.
Date: 2026-04-09 16:05
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/09/great-rotation-crush-magnificent-seven-stocks/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
You can buy these three top tech stocks at prices lower than billionaire investors were buying them at the end of last year.
Investors worried about the economy and the broader markets have been rotating out of tech stocks, including the "Magnificent Seven," and into value and small-cap stocks. And yet, some of these top growth stocks were being scooped up by billionaire investors at higher prices at the end of last year. Do they know something that the market doesn't? And should you maybe consider buying them as well, as they are trading at even more discounted prices than when the billionaires bought in?
Here are three Magnificent Seven stocks trading at discounted prices that you might want to take a closer look at as potential long-term investments.
Image source: Getty Images.
Meta Platforms (META +3.23%) was a popular stock among billionaires in Q4, with the likes of Bill Ackman of Pershing Square Capital and David Tepper of Appaloosa Management initiating large positions. However, the stock fell around 13% in Q1, as some investors questioned the company's large capital expenditure (capex) plans. 
That said, few companies have demonstrated that they can apply artificial intelligence (AI) to their core businesses to drive growth better than Meta. The social media giant is using AI to improve its recommendation algorithm, keeping users on its site longer, and allowing it to serve them more ads. At the same time, it's providing AI-powered tools to help its small- and medium-sized advertising partners better create ads, target users, and automate bidding to improve conversions. This is leading to more ad impressions and higher ad prices, fueling Meta's revenue growth. 
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Smartly, the company is pulling back on its unsuccessful metaverse, while introducing ads to its popular messaging platform. WhatsApp and new social media site Threads should be a long-term growth driver.
Microsoft (MSFT 0.80%) got punished in Q1, with the stock plunging more than 23% to start the year. However, it too saw billionaire hedge fund managers buying its stock in Q4, including Ole Andreas Halvorsen of Viking Global, where it is his top position, and Philippe Laffont of Coatue Management, where the stock is his third-largest holding.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 946%* — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 190% for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now, available when you join Stock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2026. 
Microsoft's tough start to 2026 can be attributed to the software-as-a-service (SaaS) sell-off and caution over the amount of money cloud computing providers are pouring into AI infrastructure. However, the company's enterprise software business has been seeing solid growth led by the adoption of its AI assistant copilots, while its cloud computing unit, Azure, has been red hot, seeing a 39% surge in revenue last quarter.
While Microsoft is spending big on AI infrastructure, it has a huge backlog, with $625 billion in commercial remaining performance obligations (RPOs), largely backed by OpenAI. This gives it a strong, visible runway of growth. Meanwhile, it also has a more than 25% stake in the ChatGPT maker, as well as intellectual property rights to its AI model and products through 2032. 
Amazon (AMZN +4.72%) is another Magnificent Seven member that saw its stock fall despite seeing billionaires buying at the end of last year. The stock dropped nearly 10% in Q1. Meanwhile, Ackman, Laffont, Halvorsen, and Point72's Steven Cohen were all loading up on shares in Q4.
The combination of aggressive AI infrastructure spending plans and worries over the state of the consumer has weighed on Amazon shares this year. However, Amazon is the largest cloud provider in the world, and the company is starting to see growth at Amazon Web Services (AWS). The company also looks more prepared to lean into and advance its custom AI chips, which can give it a cost advantage, and to be more aggressive in pursuing its own AI model and AI agents.
At the same time, Amazon's e-commerce business is seeing incredible operating leverage with profitability growth far exceeding sales growth, driven by robotics, automation, and AI. This is still a solidly growing business, with its North American revenue up 10% last quarter and its international revenue jumping 17%. Its high-margin sponsored ad business has also been a strong growth driver. 
Meta, Microsoft, and Amazon are all top-notch companies that have seen their shares fall to start the year. You can now buy all three at prices that are lower than what top billionaire investors were buying them at just several months ago. That would be a smart move in my book.

 


Before you buy stock in Meta Platforms, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Meta Platforms wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $536,003!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,116,248!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 946% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 190% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2026. 

Geoffrey Seiler has positions in Amazon and Meta Platforms. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Amazon, Meta Platforms, and Microsoft. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 55 Metas.
What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
