Title: Amazon Just Revealed This 1 Business Is Worth More Than 82% of Fortune 500 Companies (Hint: Not Cloud Computing)
Date: 2026-04-09 17:03
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/09/amazon-just-revealed-this-1-business-is-worth-more/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
While AWS generates the bulk of Amazon's profits, this business is growing even faster.
When it comes to industry-leading businesses, very few companies can hold a candle to Amazon (AMZN +4.59%). While it didn't invent online retail, its success in e-commerce is the stuff of legend. The company pioneered modern cloud computing when it launched Amazon Web Services (AWS) in 2006, a space it still dominates and which now forms the foundation of its business empire. Amazon's ability to expand into new businesses has helped make it one of the world's most successful companies.
In Amazon's annual shareholder letter, CEO Andy Jassy just revealed what could ultimately be one of the company's most successful ventures yet.
Image source: The Motley Fool.
In Amazon's yearly missive, CEO Andy Jassy waxed poetic about the path that led him to Amazon and what the company's future might hold. He also spoke at length about artificial intelligence (AI) and where the company fits into the broader landscape. 
The biggest revelation was the rate at which Amazon's AI chip business is accelerating. He noted, "Our chips business is on fire [which] changes the economics of AWS, and will be much larger than most think." In fact, the annual revenue run rate of Amazon's chips business -- which includes the company's Graviton, Trainium, and Nitro chips -- is now over $20 billion and "growing at triple-digit percentages year-over-year." Then, Jassy dropped this nugget:
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
If our chips business was a stand-alone business, and sold chips produced this year to AWS and other third parties (as other leading chips companies do), our annual run rate would be ~$50 billion. There's so much demand for our chips that it's quite possible we'll sell racks of them to third parties in the future.
For context, Amazon's total revenue in 2025 was $717 billion, so this would represent roughly 7% of the company's annual revenue. Furthermore, at $50 billion annually, Amazon's AI chip business would be bigger than 82% of the Fortune 500 companies. 
Jassy was adamant that the size of the opportunity at hand justifies Amazon's plans to spend $200 billion in capital expenditures (capex) in 2026. In fact, Amazon already has customer commitments for the majority of this year's capex investment, which the company will monetize in 2027 and 2028. Jassy was also clear that Amazon won't hesitate to sacrifice short-term results for the long-term potential. "AI is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity where the current growth is unprecedented and the future growth even bigger," he wrote.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 946%* — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 190% for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now, available when you join Stock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2026. 
Amazon might seem pricy at 33 times earnings, but that's roughly half the stock's three-year average multiple of 67. This gives investors the opportunity to own an industry leader at an attractive price.
Nvidia’s CEO just revealed that one breakthrough could create more millionaires in the next five years than the internet did in two decades.
Amazon’s Jeff Bezos says it is “hard to overstate the impact.” And Cathie Wood projects AI could be an $80 trillion opportunity by 2030. That is the equivalent of 18 Nvidias, 29 Microsofts, or 35 Amazons.
But here’s what most investors miss: almost all that growth runs through a single choke point. One little-known company, called an “Indispensable Monopoly,” provides the critical technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size. We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name.
Continue ›
Danny Vena, CPA has positions in Amazon. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Amazon. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 55 Metas.
What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
