Title: How Mega Fortune Stock Tripled This Week
Date: 2026-04-09 17:43
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/09/how-mega-fortune-stock-tripled-this-week/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
What's behind Mega Fortune's explosive stock gains? Spoiler alert: it's not earnings or product news.
Shares of Mega Fortune (MGRT 2.22%) absolutely skyrocketed this week, according to data from S&P Global Market Intelligence. From last Friday's market close to 12:30 p.m. ET on Thursday, the stock had gained 182%. That's actually a sharp intraday dip; two hours earlier, the stock was up by 238% from last Friday. Mega Fortune's stock price has swung from $49 to $64, then back down to $28, before rebounding to $44 per share. That's just Thursday's action.
Mega Fortune had no reason for any of these moves, though. You're watching the wild, unpredictable price swings of a meme stock in action.
You've probably never heard of Mega Fortune before. Neither had I, two hours ago. Here are the basics.
It's a Cayman Islands-based microcap that helps other companies build software for their Internet of Things (IoT) devices, all under the wholly owned Hong Kong brand QBS Systems.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
The stock has been trading on the Nasdaq exchange since July 2025. One week ago, its market cap was just $206 million -- barely large enough to merit coverage here at The Motley Fool.
The company reported full-year 2025 results on Feb. 3, showing $11.1 million of annual revenue and $1.8 million in net income. But that's old news in April. The only fresh news on its website and investor relations page over the last week was a routine stock purchase report from one of its directors.
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name. 
Image source: Getty Images.
Yet, the stock more than tripled in less than four days on a massive spike in trading volume. Speculators chatted about the stock in various online forums, discussing how a few well-placed trades could inspire a short squeeze.
Mega Fortune didn't fit the classic short-squeeze setup, with just 2% of its float on loan to short-sellers in March. But the lightly traded stock was still an easy target. When I say "massive spike," I mean the daily dollar-based trading volume surged from about $2.3 million to $16.9 million over three short days.
That's the whole story, folks. Mega Fortune didn't crush an earnings report or announce a game-changing product. This incredible price surge is just another meme stock spike, almost certainly destined to collapse over the next few days.

 


Before you buy stock in Mega Fortune, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Mega Fortune wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $536,003!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,116,248!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 946% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 190% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2026. 

Anders Bylund has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 18 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 18 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
