Title: NVIDIA Chips are Going to Space. Could the Stock Be Next?
Date: 2026-04-09 17:38
URL: https://247wallst.com/investing/2026/04/09/nvidia-chips-are-going-to-space-could-the-stock-be-next/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Investing
Nvidia (NVDA) — The company unveiled the Space-1 Vera Rubin module at GTC 2026, positioning itself to capitalize on orbital computing infrastructure through partnerships with firms like Sophia Space.
Elon Musk’s push toward AI data centers in space, combined with SpaceX’s IPO prospects and other space startups’ launches, might be creating a corporate space race that could become a significant growth driver for semiconductor and infrastructure companies.
Are you ahead, or behind on retirement? SmartAsset's free tool can match you with a financial advisor in minutes to help you answer that today. Each advisor has been carefully vetted, and must act in your best interests. Don't waste another minute; learn more here.(Sponsor)

					Sending You to Google News in 3

© 24/7 Wall St.


Nvidia (NASDAQ:NVDA | NVDA Price Prediction) stock might be grounded, but its GPUs are heading to space as the concept of orbital infrastructure and data centers shifts from a dream into reality. With Artemis II blasting off, a SpaceX IPO likely due for the start of summer, and a number of space startups gearing up for launches of their own in the second half, it’s becoming hard to ignore the space race, especially as corporations look to the skies for profit opportunities.
Undoubtedly, Elon Musk’s vision of data centers in space sounded pretty outlandish at least at first, but he did make some pretty good points about keeping some of the AI compute up there. Whether it’s the stronger solar energy that’s up there, the cooling benefits, or the latency benefits of inference on edge devices, I think orbital infrastructure is at least worth a shot. In any case, there seems to be a corporate space race of sorts brewing as firms look to satellites as a source of 5G connectivity.
Starlink was profoundly ambitious, and the venture is paying off in a big way. Naturally, the next phase would be to bring the AI hardware up there, and I don’t think it’s too far-fetched to envision a 1-million data-center satellite constellation if Musk gets the green light. In any case, back to Nvidia. The company is setting its sights on space as well, with a platform that’s tailored to running the company’s latest and greatest in space.
The Space-1 Vera Rubin module, which was highlighted at the company’s GTC 2026, was easy to miss. It sounded out of this world because it literally is. As Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang and company team up with other firms to allow Vera Rubin chips to operate in orbit, the big question is whether space-based data centers could act as another big growth driver for Nvidia.
If Musk leads an AI data center space race, it’s only natural to think that other tech titans will take notice and start following suit with big bets of their own. Indeed, the Mag Seven titans have tons of cash to spend, and the only thing more ambitious than advanced AI is advanced AI in space.
For now, it’s hard to tell where the concept of space computing will lead the mega-cap tech titans. It’s certainly exciting, but, for now, investors should probably temper their expectations, as the AI data terrestrial center buildout right here on Earth is still in its early innings. Of course, there’s a huge first-mover advantage to be had for SpaceX, especially as it looks to new growth frontiers while the rest of the tech world scrambles to catch up.
Are you ahead, or behind on retirement? SmartAsset's free tool can match you with a financial advisor in minutes to help you answer that today. Each advisor has been carefully vetted, and must act in your best interests. Don't waste another minute; learn more here.(Sponsor)
Whether hyperscalers increase CapEx in the future to pursue data centers in space remains the trillion-dollar question. Either way, Nvidia is ready with the picks and the shovels that firms will surely scoop up as their ambitions soar into the exosphere.
What’s most intriguing, in my view, is Nvidia’s partnerships with firms like Sophia Space, an orbital computing startup that’s serious about the nascent field of space computing.
For now, I don’t see that much orbital data center hype priced into Nvidia stock. And, over the foreseeable future, I don’t think things will change all too much, at least until the hyperscalers start cranking up the investment in satellite constellations and orbital computing. As for when Nvidia stock will get going again, it’s tough to tell, especially as the AI innovators look to surpass critical energy and connectivity bottlenecks ahead. And, of course, AI needs to show it can actually bring in the cash flows.
In the meantime, I’d look for Nvidia to keep investing in a way to help the industry move past such bottlenecks. All the while, the valuation multiple stands to just get cheaper the longer Nvidia stays at around $180-185 per share. You don’t have to look far to run into an analyst who expects big gains for the firm over the year ahead. Personally, though, I want to see Nvidia break out of its consolidation channel first. As the technicians say, the longer the base, the higher in space.
 Retirement can be daunting, but it doesn’t need to be. Imagine having an expert in your corner to help you with your financial goals. Someone to help you determine if you’re ahead, behind, or right on track. With SmartAsset, that’s not just a dream—it’s reality. This free tool connects you with pre-screened financial advisors who work in your best interests. It’s quick, it’s easy, so take the leap today and start planning smarter! Don’t waste another minute; get started right here and help your retirement dreams become a retirement reality. (sponsor)
Joey is a 24/7 Wall St. contributor and seasoned investment writer whose work can also be found in publications such as The Motley Fool and TipRanks. Holding a B.A.Sc in Computer Engineering from the University of British Columbia (UBC), Joey has leveraged his technical background to provide insightful stock analyses to readers.
Joey's investment philosophy is heavily influenced by Warren Buffett's value investing principles. As a dedicated Buffett disciple, Joey is committed to unearthing value in the tech sector and beyond.
Our top personal finance-related articles today. Your wallet will thank you later.
AI chips are no longer just training models in giant data centers on Earth but are also going to the…
The AI arms race still seems to be in play as the great AI data center buildout moves ahead, while…
There’s more to Elon Musk than just Tesla (NASDAQ:TSLA | TSLA Price Prediction) stock. And soon, retail investors will be…
Collectively, the Magnificent Seven companies are spending colossal sums of money on CapEx as they look to swing for the…
Last week, speculation swirled that Tesla (NASDAQ:TSLA | TSLA Price Prediction) and SpaceX would merge ahead of SpaceX’s planned initial…
As the artificial intelligence (AI) boom advances, its vast computational power demands are putting the data centers that house the…
It’s hard to move the needle on shares of Nvidia (NASDAQ:NVDA | NVDA Price Prediction) these days. Even though the…
The Artemis II launch has been sending back some breathtaking images of late. If you haven’t yet seen the sharp…
Nvidia (NASDAQ:NVDA | NVDA Price Prediction) CEO Jensen Huang has been quite vocal in the past few months, and it’s…
