Title: Why Eos Energy Stock Is Up More Than 20% Today
Date: 2026-04-09 17:00
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/09/why-eos-energy-stock-is-up-today/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
The utility-scale battery start-up confirmed that its business is making forward progress.
Eos Energy Enterprises (EOSE +27.23%) shareholders are enjoying much-needed bullishness today. After a sizable 75% pullback from its January peak, as of 12:36 p.m. ET Thursday the energy-storage specialist's stock is up 23.2%.
The prompt? Better-than-expected preliminary Q1 numbers.
They're not the company's official first-quarter results; those won't be reported until May. Based on information it already has in-hand, however, Eos Energy's management team anticipates reporting revenue of between $56 million and $57 million for the three-month period ending in March. Although only slightly, that's above analysts' consensus estimate of $55.5 million.
Image source: Getty Images.
Production and delivery records were broken during the quarter in question as well. Battery production increased by more than 10% quarter-over-quarter, while shipments improved 17%.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Moreover, the company announced that its second -- and more efficient -- production line has been recently completed and tested, and is expected to begin commercial output before the end of the quarter currently underway.
The announcement is obviously good news, explaining today's big jump from EOSE stock. Just remember everything that's happened prior to today. Shares have fallen steeply over the course of the past two-and-a-half months after reporting Q4 revenue that fell short of analysts' estimates.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 946%* — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 190% for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now, available when you join Stock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2026. 
The company's also still operating in the red, and increasingly so as it scales up. That trend's not likely to have changed course since its previous quarterly report.
Nevertheless, despite today's big jump, there's a case to be made for stepping into this speculative ticker while it's still well down from January's high. The company's confirmed business backlog as of the end of last year stood at just over $700 million, and that's still only a fraction of the battery-based energy storage market that Morder Intelligence expects to be worth nearly $200 billion by 2031. With its second, more efficient production line set to begin operating by the middle of this year, Eos Energy is well-positioned to address this opportunity in a way that pushes the company toward profitability. The mere promise of this progress alone could be enough to start driving this stock higher on a more sustained basis.
Just bear in mind this name still brings above-average risk and volatility to the table.

 


Before you buy stock in Eos Energy Enterprises, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Eos Energy Enterprises wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $536,003!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,116,248!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 946% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 190% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2026. 

James Brumley has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 35 Amazons.
What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
