Title: Chevron finds oil at Gulf of Mexico’s Bandit prospect
Date: 2026-04-10 07:56
URL: https://www.offshore-technology.com/news/chevron-finds-oil-gulf-of-americas-bandit/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Occidental operates the Bandit prospect with a 45.375% interest, while Chevron and Woodside hold 37.125% and 17.5%, respectively. Chevron has made an oil discovery at the Bandit prospect approximately 125 miles south of the Louisiana coast in the Gulf of Mexico (GoM). The exploration well in Green Canyon Block 680 discovered high-quality Miocene sands containing full-to-base oil. Combine business intelligence and editorial excellence to reach engaged professionals across 36 leading media platforms. Find out more Occidental Petroleum operates the Bandit prospect with a 45.375% working interest, alongside co-owners Chevron with a 37.125% stake and Woodside Energy with 17.5%. The co-owners are evaluating the results to determine the next steps. The discovery could lead to subsea tie-backs to a nearby Occidental-operated facility and other locations in the area. Occidental subsurface technology senior vice-president and chief petrotechnical officer Jeff Simmons said: “Occidental is focused on strengthening our Gulf of America portfolio. “We believe this discovery demonstrates the continued importance of the Gulf of America as a strategic source of reliable domestic oil supply that supports long-term energy security.” Chevron concentrates on investing in a balanced and diverse portfolio that includes both infrastructure-enabled and high-impact frontier exploration opportunities. As the largest leaseholder in the GoM, Chevron manages a portfolio of both operated and non-operated assets. Discoveries such as Bandit contribute to its deep-water capabilities. Chevron exploration vice-president Kevin McLachlan said: “Bandit demonstrates our exploration strategy in action and reinforces the high-quality opportunities in the prolific deep-water Gulf of America. “We are working with our co-owners to advance appraisal and development planning in a disciplined manner, leveraging existing infrastructure to help deliver competitive barrels.” In February 2026, Chevron and HELLENiQ ENERGYsigned lease agreementswith the Hellenic Republic to begin exploration in four offshore blocks in Greece. Executed through Chevron’s Dutch subsidiaries, the agreements cover two blocks south of Crete and two south of the Peloponnese. Together, the South Crete 1, South Crete 2, South of Peloponnese and Block A2 concessions span approximately 47,000km².  Experience unmatched clarity with a single platform that combines unique data, AI, and human expertise. Find out more Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights.  Offshore Technology Focus : Offshore Technology Focus (monthly) Thematic Take (monthly) Visit ourPrivacy Policyfor more information about our services, how we may use, process and share your personal data, including information on your rights in respect of your personal data and how you can unsubscribe from future marketing communications. Our services are intended for corporate subscribers and you warrant that the email address submitted is your corporate email address. View all newslettersfrom across the GlobalData Media network. Oil and gas news, data and in-depth articles on offshore projects, exploration and decommissioning and the trends driving technology and innovation Powered by © GlobalData Plc 2026 These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. 
