Title: Major takeaways from Magnificent Seven's AI-fueled earnings
Date: 2026-05-21 13:01
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/major-takeaways-magnificent-sevens-ai-130108811.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results The Trump administration plans to invest $2 billion in quantum computing, expanding its broader push into strategic industries The Dow clinched a record high as stocks rebounded on optimism for a US-Iran peace deal US stocks turned higher as oil prices fell on hopes of a US-Iran peace deal Quantum stocks jump as Trump administration doles out $2 billion in exchange for equity US stocks fell as oil prices rose amid doubts about US-Iran peace talks The bond market's signal to the Fed: Interest rates should be higher SpaceX files IPO prospectus, offering a rare look at the company's finances Nvidia beats earnings estimates, gives upbeat outlook on strong chip sales The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq rallied as oil fell and Nvidia earnings were on deck The ChatGPT maker is reportedly preparing to file for an IPO in the coming weeks, with plans to go public as early as September Oil plunges as Trump says US in 'final stages' of Iran deal After an unsteady start, stocks gained as oil prices fell and a bond sell-off paused S&P 500, Nasdaq rise in countdown to Nvidia results The chip giant is set to report results Wednesday as its stock climbs higher and rivals close in. Here's what to expect. The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq fell as bond yields surged amid rate hike concerns Google unveils biggest update to Search in 25 years, including AI agents Trump traded over $50 million in Big Tech stocks last quarter, selling Tesla and buying more Apple, new ethics disclosure shows US stocks slid at the open as bond yields rose and tech stocks extended their retreat AI is likely to concentrate power among corporate giants and leave everyone else further behind, Goldman Sachs says The S&P 500 and Nasdaq slipped as chip stocks fell and investors weighed inflation fears Elon Musk loses trial against OpenAI There are 3 issues that appear little changed after Trump's China summit US stocks rise as yields climb amid inflation worries America's CEOs call out where food prices are rising The housing market is starting to look K-shaped, too Anthropic's shadow IPO market is already flashing trillion-dollar prices Investors eye Nvidia, bond yields, and the next commodity supercycle Wall Street sees bubble-like euphoria in AI-fueled semiconductor rally Should you buy Series I bonds as inflation heats up again? Travel is still on, but rising costs reshape summer vacation plans Executives are blaming layoffs on AI, but research shows AI is 'not the main driver' of US labor slowdown. Intel announces a multiyear partnership deal with McLaren's F1 racing team Here are the most anticipated IPOs in 2026 History's weirdest bubbles have a message for the AI trade Kevin Warsh is set to take over leading the Fed amid one of the most dynamic economic backdrops in modern history Trump’s 'insane amount of trades' astonish Wall Street insiders (Bloomberg) SpaceX accelerates IPO timeline, targets market debut as early as June 12 (Reuters) The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq sank as US bond yields jumped to end a volatile week on a downbeat note The 30-year Treasury yield just broke to its highest level in almost 20 years Nasdaq leads dive in US stocks, with yields jumping amid inflation jitters Cerebras soared on its market debut. Here's how the company plans to take on Nvidia with a new approach to chip technology. Stocks gained, with the Dow closing above 50,000 and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq notching fresh records Cerebras stock surged 100% within minutes of trading in what is expected to be 2026's biggest IPO The Dow retook 50,000 and the S&P 500 topped 7,500 as the AI trade lifted stocks US stocks rise as Nvidia jumps, Trump-Xi summit kicks off Xi Jinping tells US CEOs that 'China's door will only open wider' Micron wiped out roughly $100 billion in market value at Tuesday’s low — and chip bulls still bought the dip Tech stocks led the S&P 500 and Nasdaq to record highs, while the Dow slipped The US Senate confirmed Kevin Warsh as the new chairman of the Federal Reserve with a final vote of 54-45 The 10-year Treasury yield hovered just below 4.5% after hot inflation data, raising concerns stocks could come under pressure By Niket Nishant May 21 (Reuters) - The latest quarterly earnings from Big Tech companies have given investors ample reason to stay invested in the AI trade, helping lift equities despite the unprecedented disruption in ‌the oil markets that has clouded the economic growth outlook. Nvidiarounded out the results from the so-called ‌Magnificent Seven that includes Alphabet,Apple,Microsoft, Amazon.com, Meta Platforms and Tesla. How is Nvidia's revenue growth outpacing other tech companies? How might rising capex affect shareholder returns? What's driving the recent tech stock rebound? Why are Magnificent Seven companies issuing record debt? Here are a few graphics laying out the state of play: NVIDIA GROWTH OUTPACES PEERS Revenue ​growth at the Magnificent Seven remains highly uneven, with Nvidia's blistering pace helping maintain its dominant lead. The chipmaker's sales have on demand for AI infrastructure, helping cement its status as the world's biggest company by market value. By comparison, others in the group are expanding at a much steadier pace, although they are all expected to funnel billions into their AI ventures, hoping to ‌reap robust profits in the coming years. DATA ⁠CENTER RACE FUELS BORROWING SPREE To fund their lofty AI ambitions, the Magnificent Seven have been increasingly turning to the bond markets. Bond issuance from the group has sharply jumped, with debt ⁠sales already hitting $134 billion so far this year, compared with 2025's entire haul of $87.5 billion, according to data from Dealogic. This year's surge has been driven by Alphabet, Amazon and Meta -- companies at the center of the race to build out AI infrastructure, such ​as data ​centers. AI FAITH POWERS STOCK REBOUND After an uneven start to the ​year and volatility in the wake of the ‌Middle East conflict, shares of tech heavyweights have regained momentum. Investors are betting on the technology's long-term promise, even as they worry over the pace of returns on the companies' investments. However, the hierarchy has at times appeared to shift. Alphabet, which stunned Wall Street with cloud growth that outpaced bigger rivals, came close to overtaking Nvidia to become the most valuable global company, but has since retreated. TECH CONCENTRATION PAYS OFF Earnings growth for the Magnificent Seven is expected to stabilize heading into ‌2027, though the group is still forecast to outperform the broader ​S&P 500 index, according to data from Tajinder Dhillon, head of earnings ​research at LSEG. The trend reinforces the view among ​bullish investors that the market's concentration in megacap technology stocks is backed by fundamentals rather ‌than exuberance. "There's no reason for investors to do anything ​differently because the current, concentrated ​makeup of the indexes has worked in their favor," said Isabelle Freidheim, founder and managing partner at Athena Capital. CAPEX BOOM COULD SQUEEZE BUYBACKS Capital spending across S&P 500 companies is expected to accelerate sharply over the next ​few years, raising questions about how much ‌cash will remain available for shareholder returns. Capex at the S&P 500 companies is forecast to grow 33% ​in 2026, compared with just a 3% rise in buybacks, data from Goldman showed. (Reporting by Niket ​Nishant and Purvi Agarwal in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila) Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
