Title: SpaceX unveils $1.29B bitcoin stash in high-valuation IPO filing
Date: 2026-05-21 16:45
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/spacex-unveils-129b-bitcoin-stash-in-high-valuation-ipo-filing-164550320.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results The Trump administration plans to invest $2 billion in quantum computing, expanding its broader push into strategic industries The Dow clinched a record high as stocks rebounded on optimism for a US-Iran peace deal US stocks turned higher as oil prices fell on hopes of a US-Iran peace deal Quantum stocks jump as Trump administration doles out $2 billion in exchange for equity US stocks fell as oil prices rose amid doubts about US-Iran peace talks The bond market's signal to the Fed: Interest rates should be higher SpaceX files IPO prospectus, offering a rare look at the company's finances Nvidia beats earnings estimates, gives upbeat outlook on strong chip sales The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq rallied as oil fell and Nvidia earnings were on deck The ChatGPT maker is reportedly preparing to file for an IPO in the coming weeks, with plans to go public as early as September Oil plunges as Trump says US in 'final stages' of Iran deal After an unsteady start, stocks gained as oil prices fell and a bond sell-off paused S&P 500, Nasdaq rise in countdown to Nvidia results The chip giant is set to report results Wednesday as its stock climbs higher and rivals close in. Here's what to expect. The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq fell as bond yields surged amid rate hike concerns Google unveils biggest update to Search in 25 years, including AI agents Trump traded over $50 million in Big Tech stocks last quarter, selling Tesla and buying more Apple, new ethics disclosure shows US stocks slid at the open as bond yields rose and tech stocks extended their retreat AI is likely to concentrate power among corporate giants and leave everyone else further behind, Goldman Sachs says The S&P 500 and Nasdaq slipped as chip stocks fell and investors weighed inflation fears Elon Musk loses trial against OpenAI There are 3 issues that appear little changed after Trump's China summit US stocks rise as yields climb amid inflation worries America's CEOs call out where food prices are rising The housing market is starting to look K-shaped, too Anthropic's shadow IPO market is already flashing trillion-dollar prices Investors eye Nvidia, bond yields, and the next commodity supercycle Wall Street sees bubble-like euphoria in AI-fueled semiconductor rally Should you buy Series I bonds as inflation heats up again? Travel is still on, but rising costs reshape summer vacation plans Executives are blaming layoffs on AI, but research shows AI is 'not the main driver' of US labor slowdown. Intel announces a multiyear partnership deal with McLaren's F1 racing team Here are the most anticipated IPOs in 2026 History's weirdest bubbles have a message for the AI trade Kevin Warsh is set to take over leading the Fed amid one of the most dynamic economic backdrops in modern history Trump’s 'insane amount of trades' astonish Wall Street insiders (Bloomberg) SpaceX accelerates IPO timeline, targets market debut as early as June 12 (Reuters) The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq sank as US bond yields jumped to end a volatile week on a downbeat note The 30-year Treasury yield just broke to its highest level in almost 20 years Nasdaq leads dive in US stocks, with yields jumping amid inflation jitters Cerebras soared on its market debut. Here's how the company plans to take on Nvidia with a new approach to chip technology. Stocks gained, with the Dow closing above 50,000 and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq notching fresh records Cerebras stock surged 100% within minutes of trading in what is expected to be 2026's biggest IPO The Dow retook 50,000 and the S&P 500 topped 7,500 as the AI trade lifted stocks US stocks rise as Nvidia jumps, Trump-Xi summit kicks off Xi Jinping tells US CEOs that 'China's door will only open wider' Micron wiped out roughly $100 billion in market value at Tuesday’s low — and chip bulls still bought the dip Tech stocks led the S&P 500 and Nasdaq to record highs, while the Dow slipped The US Senate confirmed Kevin Warsh as the new chairman of the Federal Reserve with a final vote of 54-45 The 10-year Treasury yield hovered just below 4.5% after hot inflation data, raising concerns stocks could come under pressure Scott Melker discusses SpaceX’s (SPAX.PVT) confirmed June 12 Nasdaq (^IXIC) IPO debut and the company’s disclosure of a substantial bitcoin holding in its filing. “The Daily Wolf with Scott Melker” airs on Yahoo Finance every day at 12:00 p.m. Tune in for your daily dose of all things crypto.Make sure to also check out Yahoo Finance's newcrypto hubto find the latest crypto-related news. Now, things that are definitely heating up massively. This is the biggest story of the day, and there's two very specific crypto elements to it. But let's break it down. First, SpaceX confirms plans for an IPO that could make Elon Musk a trillionaire. That's so much money. It's an absurd, insane amount of money, but you know what? Good for him. Holding his hands like that, looking all looking all serious and trillionary. Now, listen, this is going to go on the Nasdaq, so I'm sure there was a battle for where this will be listed on June 12th under this ticker SPCX. So they're raising $75 billion, which is the largest IPO ever exceeding Saudi Aramco, which was 29.4 million and of course you have the whole syndicate running this IPO, Goldman, Morgan Stanley, Bank of America, City Bank, JPM. All the friends. I'm going to tell you about those guys tomorrow actually. I have a plan for that. But what maybe more interesting is talk about the valuation. So the target here is 1.5 trillion. Many are saying it'll be 1.75. Polymarkets 70% chance will be over 2 trillion dollars when this launches. But doing some back of the napkin math, that is 94 times 2025 revenue. Now your average space stock trades at about 4X sales. So we can say this isn't an average space stock, right? This is SpaceX. but still, this will be trading at 23X the industry average. Now to give you some context at Nvidia's peak at the peak of AI hype, their multiple was 30X sales. So this puts them at three times the peak of AI hype on Nvidia at their valuation. Now looking at the numbers, Q1 they lost $1.94 billion and their 2025 capX was 20.7 billion. The revenue was 18.5. So they lost almost $2 billion-ish, just over, actually. And if you want to figure out what this valuation should be moving forward by 2031 to justify the current valuation, they would need to do 80 billion a year in net earnings, which is roughly Apple. So a company that's currently losing money, you can't even do a PE ratio because there's no E, right? You don't have the earnings. So they're now going to be valued at if they can be Apple in 2031. So, listen, this, I love SpaceX, I love what they're doing. I think this is an incredible company. This is a market story and not a SpaceX story just to be clear, but we know how this is going to go down. Don't we? We know that a bunch of people who have been holding this for years and got access to the to to to pre IPO shares and been trading them on the secondary market. Those people are going to sell and retail is going to sell everything else, probably crash the market to buy this and then they're probably going to get wrecked before it eventually floats back up. This could get very, very ugly. Now, the two parts of the story that are crypto native to this is that there's four exchanges that are already trading the pre IPO with leverage on perpetual swaps. Hyperliquid, OKX, Binance announced theirs today, crypto.com. I mean, this is absolutely wild. Right now you can trade this at roughly a 1.75 trillion implied valuation on these exchanges and it hasn't even launched yet. So you have to wonder if with Bitcoin topping around, you know, 82,000 and then dropping right when these launched, is this actually siphoning off some of the capital from crypto right now? That's what CoinDesk thinks. I think it's definitely possible. Now, I don't think it's taking money out of Bitcoin specifically, my take, but I definitely think this is one more thing that's taking massive shine off alt coins. If you can go trade pre IPO stocks on the same exchange where you would have traded alt coin and oil derivatives and silver and gold, there's really no reason for you to keep trading alt coins. Now, the biggest reveal on the IPO disclosure was that SpaceX holds 18,712 Bitcoin worth $1.29 billion. Now, we knew they held Bitcoin, but we thought even with Arkham and onchain analysts telling us that they only had 8,285 Bitcoins. This is 2.2 times more Bitcoin than we thought they held. More interestingly, their cost basis is at around 35,000, they're wildly in profit. They own more than even Tesla, which has always been in the news for owning Bitcoin, and Tesla sold a bunch of their Bitcoin in the past and SpaceX has been a diamond handed hodler. One of us. One of us. So yes, 1.29 billion is .086% of an implied 1.5 trillion market cap, so it's a rounding error. But still, one of the soon to be largest companies on the planet are die hard hoddlers of our beloved Bitcoin asset. Watching this IPO is going to be watching the Super Bowl of markets. It's going to get really, really interesting. No news stories available Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
