Title: Apple asks US Supreme Court to review contempt order in Epic Games lawsuit
Date: 2026-05-21 21:50
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/technology/articles/apple-asks-us-supreme-court-215059558.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results The Trump administration plans to invest $2 billion in quantum computing, expanding its broader push into strategic industries The Dow clinched a record high as stocks rebounded on optimism for a US-Iran peace deal US stocks turned higher as oil prices fell on hopes of a US-Iran peace deal Quantum stocks jump as Trump administration doles out $2 billion in exchange for equity US stocks fell as oil prices rose amid doubts about US-Iran peace talks The bond market's signal to the Fed: Interest rates should be higher SpaceX files IPO prospectus, offering a rare look at the company's finances Nvidia beats earnings estimates, gives upbeat outlook on strong chip sales The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq rallied as oil fell and Nvidia earnings were on deck The ChatGPT maker is reportedly preparing to file for an IPO in the coming weeks, with plans to go public as early as September Oil plunges as Trump says US in 'final stages' of Iran deal After an unsteady start, stocks gained as oil prices fell and a bond sell-off paused S&P 500, Nasdaq rise in countdown to Nvidia results The chip giant is set to report results Wednesday as its stock climbs higher and rivals close in. Here's what to expect. The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq fell as bond yields surged amid rate hike concerns Google unveils biggest update to Search in 25 years, including AI agents Trump traded over $50 million in Big Tech stocks last quarter, selling Tesla and buying more Apple, new ethics disclosure shows US stocks slid at the open as bond yields rose and tech stocks extended their retreat AI is likely to concentrate power among corporate giants and leave everyone else further behind, Goldman Sachs says The S&P 500 and Nasdaq slipped as chip stocks fell and investors weighed inflation fears Elon Musk loses trial against OpenAI There are 3 issues that appear little changed after Trump's China summit US stocks rise as yields climb amid inflation worries America's CEOs call out where food prices are rising The housing market is starting to look K-shaped, too Anthropic's shadow IPO market is already flashing trillion-dollar prices Investors eye Nvidia, bond yields, and the next commodity supercycle Wall Street sees bubble-like euphoria in AI-fueled semiconductor rally Should you buy Series I bonds as inflation heats up again? Travel is still on, but rising costs reshape summer vacation plans Executives are blaming layoffs on AI, but research shows AI is 'not the main driver' of US labor slowdown. Intel announces a multiyear partnership deal with McLaren's F1 racing team Here are the most anticipated IPOs in 2026 History's weirdest bubbles have a message for the AI trade Kevin Warsh is set to take over leading the Fed amid one of the most dynamic economic backdrops in modern history Trump’s 'insane amount of trades' astonish Wall Street insiders (Bloomberg) SpaceX accelerates IPO timeline, targets market debut as early as June 12 (Reuters) The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq sank as US bond yields jumped to end a volatile week on a downbeat note The 30-year Treasury yield just broke to its highest level in almost 20 years Nasdaq leads dive in US stocks, with yields jumping amid inflation jitters Cerebras soared on its market debut. Here's how the company plans to take on Nvidia with a new approach to chip technology. Stocks gained, with the Dow closing above 50,000 and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq notching fresh records Cerebras stock surged 100% within minutes of trading in what is expected to be 2026's biggest IPO The Dow retook 50,000 and the S&P 500 topped 7,500 as the AI trade lifted stocks US stocks rise as Nvidia jumps, Trump-Xi summit kicks off Xi Jinping tells US CEOs that 'China's door will only open wider' Micron wiped out roughly $100 billion in market value at Tuesday’s low — and chip bulls still bought the dip Tech stocks led the S&P 500 and Nasdaq to record highs, while the Dow slipped The US Senate confirmed Kevin Warsh as the new chairman of the Federal Reserve with a final vote of 54-45 The 10-year Treasury yield hovered just below 4.5% after hot inflation data, raising concerns stocks could come under pressure By Mike Scarcella WASHINGTON, May 21 (Reuters) -Appleasked the U.S. Supreme Court on Thursday to review a lower court ruling that held the iPhone maker in ‌civil contempt over fees it was charging on some outside purchases made by customers ‌of its App Store. The petition to the Supreme Court escalates a years-long legal battle with “Fortnite” video game maker Epic ​Games, which sued Apple in 2020 seeking to loosen its control over transactions in applications that use the company's iOS operating system and its restrictions on how apps are distributed to consumers. How did the Epic Games lawsuit impact Apple? What is Apple's 27% commission controversy? What is Apple's Supreme Court petition about? What are the next steps in this legal battle? A judge mostly dismissed Epic's lawsuit but issued an injunction in 2021 requiring Apple to let developers include ‌links in their apps directing ⁠users to non-Apple payment methods. Apple allowed the links but adopted new restrictions, including a 27% commission on developers for purchases made on payment systems outside ⁠the App Store within seven days of clicking a link. Epic argued that the new 27% commission flouted the earlier injunction. In 2025, the judge found Apple in civil contempt for violating the injunction. Apple ​urged ​the justices on Thursday to take up two legal ​issues. It said the injunction should ‌not apply to millions of developers, since Epic is the only plaintiff and the case is not a class action. Apple also contends it cannot be held in contempt for allegedly violating the "spirit" of an injunction that did not explicitly prohibit the conduct in question. Apple has denied any wrongdoing and says it is complying with court orders. Epic Games in a statement on ‌Thursday called Apple's Supreme Court challenge to the contempt ​order "one last Hail Mary to delay a conclusion to ​this case and avoid opening up the ​gates to payment competition for the benefit of consumers.” The 9th U.S. Circuit ‌Court of Appeals in December upheld the ​contempt finding but said ​Apple could make new arguments in the trial court about what commission it should be allowed to charge for digital goods bought in apps distributed through the App Store ​but paid for using third-party ‌payment systems. The Supreme Court earlier in May turned down Apple's earlier bid to ​pause proceedings in the lower court while its appeal plays out. (Reporting by Mike ​Scarcella; Editing by David Bario and Bill Berkrot) Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
