Title: Nvidia earnings: They're accelerating into growth, not slowing down
Date: 2026-05-21 14:07
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/nvidia-earnings-theyre-accelerating-into-growth-not-slowing-down-140708416.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results The Trump administration plans to invest $2 billion in quantum computing, expanding its broader push into strategic industries The Dow clinched a record high as stocks rebounded on optimism for a US-Iran peace deal US stocks turned higher as oil prices fell on hopes of a US-Iran peace deal Quantum stocks jump as Trump administration doles out $2 billion in exchange for equity US stocks fell as oil prices rose amid doubts about US-Iran peace talks The bond market's signal to the Fed: Interest rates should be higher SpaceX files IPO prospectus, offering a rare look at the company's finances Nvidia beats earnings estimates, gives upbeat outlook on strong chip sales The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq rallied as oil fell and Nvidia earnings were on deck The ChatGPT maker is reportedly preparing to file for an IPO in the coming weeks, with plans to go public as early as September Oil plunges as Trump says US in 'final stages' of Iran deal After an unsteady start, stocks gained as oil prices fell and a bond sell-off paused S&P 500, Nasdaq rise in countdown to Nvidia results The chip giant is set to report results Wednesday as its stock climbs higher and rivals close in. Here's what to expect. The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq fell as bond yields surged amid rate hike concerns Google unveils biggest update to Search in 25 years, including AI agents Trump traded over $50 million in Big Tech stocks last quarter, selling Tesla and buying more Apple, new ethics disclosure shows US stocks slid at the open as bond yields rose and tech stocks extended their retreat AI is likely to concentrate power among corporate giants and leave everyone else further behind, Goldman Sachs says The S&P 500 and Nasdaq slipped as chip stocks fell and investors weighed inflation fears Elon Musk loses trial against OpenAI There are 3 issues that appear little changed after Trump's China summit US stocks rise as yields climb amid inflation worries America's CEOs call out where food prices are rising The housing market is starting to look K-shaped, too Anthropic's shadow IPO market is already flashing trillion-dollar prices Investors eye Nvidia, bond yields, and the next commodity supercycle Wall Street sees bubble-like euphoria in AI-fueled semiconductor rally Should you buy Series I bonds as inflation heats up again? Travel is still on, but rising costs reshape summer vacation plans Executives are blaming layoffs on AI, but research shows AI is 'not the main driver' of US labor slowdown. Intel announces a multiyear partnership deal with McLaren's F1 racing team Here are the most anticipated IPOs in 2026 History's weirdest bubbles have a message for the AI trade Kevin Warsh is set to take over leading the Fed amid one of the most dynamic economic backdrops in modern history Trump’s 'insane amount of trades' astonish Wall Street insiders (Bloomberg) SpaceX accelerates IPO timeline, targets market debut as early as June 12 (Reuters) The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq sank as US bond yields jumped to end a volatile week on a downbeat note The 30-year Treasury yield just broke to its highest level in almost 20 years Nasdaq leads dive in US stocks, with yields jumping amid inflation jitters Cerebras soared on its market debut. Here's how the company plans to take on Nvidia with a new approach to chip technology. Stocks gained, with the Dow closing above 50,000 and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq notching fresh records Cerebras stock surged 100% within minutes of trading in what is expected to be 2026's biggest IPO The Dow retook 50,000 and the S&P 500 topped 7,500 as the AI trade lifted stocks US stocks rise as Nvidia jumps, Trump-Xi summit kicks off Xi Jinping tells US CEOs that 'China's door will only open wider' Micron wiped out roughly $100 billion in market value at Tuesday’s low — and chip bulls still bought the dip Tech stocks led the S&P 500 and Nasdaq to record highs, while the Dow slipped The US Senate confirmed Kevin Warsh as the new chairman of the Federal Reserve with a final vote of 54-45 The 10-year Treasury yield hovered just below 4.5% after hot inflation data, raising concerns stocks could come under pressure Despitebeating first quarter earnings estimates, Nvidia's (NVDA) stockreaction has been largely mutedas the AI chipmaker's results evidently failed to wow investors. The company's guidance also beat forecasts while it announced an $80 billion share buyback program. Freedom Capital Markets managing director Paul Meeks joins Yahoo Finance Executive Editor Brian Sozzi's panel to discuss whether he believes Nvidia is showing signs of slowing down in the AI race. What did you like about this Nvidia quarter and what's uh just lacking in your view? Actually, Brian, I liked most of it. I I disagree that we've seen signs of a slowdown. You know, right now for their next fiscal year, after this enormous growth this year, the street's expecting about 30% growth top and bottom line. I expect that to be beaten, and I expect that to be beaten significantly. And with a stock here that trades at only 19 times next year's earnings, which I think are low, I think uh whoever says it's a value stock, whether it be Jensen Wong or anybody else, I think they're actually right. Paul, let me uh, you bring up a good point. I love opposing views. That's why we have you on here. You always, you always give it to us straight. Uh, is it oh, is it good enough? And I, look, I can't even believe I'm saying this about Nvidia. I mean it's gotten so big and it's so important to chain that this company's only growing the top line by 30% plus. Or is this a market still stuck in the past with Nvidia and they want to see those 50, 60, 100% growth rates that they were delivering? Well, we'll get that, Brian for a couple more quarters. So they just got into a quarter well above the street, but that's pretty much standard fair for them. And that indicates that this next quarter is going to have about 100% growth year-to-year. So it's a acceleration in sequential and year-to-year growth. So we'll see what happens, but I again think that the numbers are lower. and I felt very good about the gross margin, 75%, uh guiding towards another 75% and the fact that we now have a very big CPU business in addition to GPUs with the Vera platform, this could be really exciting. I think it's very important, you know, when they talk about uh returning capital to shareholders, I never really care about a dividend for a tech company. That usually is the death sentence. But the continued stock buybacks and the fact that they've really sprinkled the infield as you said before Brian, with a number of investments and these are billions of dollars of investments in private and public companies. Like for example, I cover all of the neo clouds formally, and, you know, they have a uh big stake in Core Weave, in Iran and Neus. and what they plan to do over time, and maybe they get a valuation multiple lift if they're successful is they are trying to build well beyond the GPUs an entire AI ecosystem so they control more and more of the AI data centers just like Apple did with the Walled Garden. And if they become indispensable like that, I think there's a lot of uh room on the upside for the stock. No news stories available Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
