Title: Amazon-Backed X-Energy Climbs 27% After $1.02 Billion US IPO
Date: 2026-04-24 20:09
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/amazon-backed-x-energy-climbs-165112911.html?.tsrc=rss

Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home.
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker.
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude.
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
(Bloomberg) -- X-Energy Inc. shares closed 27% above their IPO price, after the nuclear energy firm raised $1.02 billion in an upsized US initial public offering.
Most Read from Bloomberg
The Billion-Barrel Hormuz Oil Shock Is About to Crash Demand
Trump Evacuated, Gunman Detained After Shooting at Press Dinner
Trump Scraps US Trip for Iran Talks, Leaving Ceasefire in Limbo
Google Plans to Invest Up to $40 Billion in Anthropic
The Hottest Phone for Kids Right Now Is a $100 Landline
Shares of the Rockville, Maryland-based company backed by Amazon.com Inc. ended their first trading session at $29.20 each on Friday, versus an IPO price of $23. The listing priced above the marketed $16 to $19 range.
The trading gives X-Energy a market value of $11.6 billion based on the outstanding shares listed in its filings. The IPO ended more than 15 times oversubscribed, people familiar with the matter have said.
“This is a validation of our nuclear technology,” X-Energy Chief Executive Officer Clay Sell said in an interview. “It’s a validation of the role that the market, and investors, believe nuclear energy must play.”
X-Energy designs small modular nuclear reactors and makes advanced nuclear fuel. Its reactors use so-called Triso pebbles, or tristructural isotropic, poppyseed-sized uranium kernels that burn hotter and longer than conventional fuel.
“We want to make nuclear boring,” Sell said. “We can build this over and over and over again. That’s the way you get costs down.”
The offering comes as firms have been racing to bring the first US small modular reactor to market. X-Energy aims to make its first delivery by the early 2030s. The firm plans to use its reactors to power industrial facilities and artificial intelligence data centers and has agreements in place with Dow Inc., Amazon and Centrica Plc.
Ark Investment Management was interested in buying as much as $105 million worth of shares in the offering at the IPO price, according to the filings.
Founder and chairman Kamal Ghaffarian controls 61% of the class B shares of the company, while affiliates of Ares Management Corp. have 26%, the filings show.
X-Energy had a net loss of roughly $390 million on revenue of $94 million, not including grants, last year, compared with a net loss of $126 million on revenue of $84 million a year earlier, the filing shows.
The offering was led by JPMorgan Chase & Co., Morgan Stanley, Jefferies Financial Group Inc. and Moelis & Co. X-Energy shares trade on the Nasdaq Stock Market under the symbol XE.
(Updates with closing price in first three paragraphs.)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
‘I Have Half of MAGA’: The Republican Challenging Trump From Within
United’s CEO Is Here to Buy Your Struggling Airline
Why If the War Doesn’t End Soon, Everyone Will Pay
AI Startup Has Helped Reverse Thousands of Denied Health Insurance Claims
The Humble Bean Gets a High-End Glow-Up
©2026 Bloomberg L.P.