Title: Iran’s Araghchi Left Pakistan Meeting With US Talks in Limbo
Date: 2026-04-25 15:21
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/economy/policy/articles/iran-araghchi-holds-pakistan-meetings-123333014.html?.tsrc=rss

Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home.
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker.
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude.
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
(Bloomberg) -- Iran’s top diplomat met mediators in Pakistan but left Islamabad ahead of the expected arrival of US envoys as prospects for direct negotiations to end the eight-week war remain slim.
Most Read from Bloomberg
The Billion-Barrel Hormuz Oil Shock Is About to Crash Demand
Gunman Detained, Trump Evacuated After Shooting at Press Dinner
Trump Scraps US Trip for Iran Talks, Leaving Ceasefire in Limbo
The Hottest Phone for Kids Right Now Is a $100 Landline
Google Plans to Invest Up to $40 Billion in Anthropic
Foreign Minister Abbas Araghchi was only meeting with Pakistani officials to convey Iran’s “observations,” with no talks planned with the US delegation, a spokesman for Iran’s Foreign Ministry said Saturday.
Pakistani Foreign Minister Ishaq Dar said in a social media post that Prime Minister Shehbaz Sharif and other senior leaders met with Araghchi for about two hours. The state-run IRNA news agency reported Saturday that Araghchi left the city after those talks.
President Donald Trump is sending his son-in-law Jared Kushner and special envoy Steve Witkoff for talks over the weekend, White House Press Secretary Karoline Leavitt said in a Fox News interview on Friday but their exact itinerary remained unclear.
Araghchi earlier posted on social media that the purpose of his travel was to consult with partners on bilateral matters. He has met Pakistan army chief Asim Munir and Sharif.
Araghchi’s office refrained from portraying the meetings as mediation by Pakistani officials, who had facilitated the first round of talks in the capital, Islamabad, two weeks earlier, which failed to yield an agreement.
Leavitt claimed the Iranians had reached out to the US to arrange the fresh round of talks.
“We’re hopeful that it will be a productive conversation and hopefully move the ball forwards towards a deal,” Leavitt said on Fox. She later told reporters that the US has “certainly seen some progress from the Iranian side in the past couple of days,” without elaborating.
Vice President JD Vance, the lead negotiator for the US, will not be headed to Pakistan for now, she said.
The Islamabad meetings come in the wake of increased US pressure on the Islamic Republic with a continued naval blockade aimed at forcing Tehran to agree to talks to bring to an end to the war that has already killed more than 5,000 people, mostly in Iran.
Trump ordered the US Navy to shoot any boat putting mines in the Strait of Hormuz, after the military intercepted two oil supertankers that tried to evade the blockade.
Given the restrictions imposed separately by the US and Iran, the strategic waterway — through which a fifth of the world’s oil and liquefied natural gas flowed before the war — remains at a standstill.
Investors have scrutinized signals from each delegation as they weigh prospects for a reopening of Hormuz. Friday’s developments helped the S&P 500 to its longest weekly advance since 2024. The US crude dropped to around $94 per barrel while Brent, the international benchmark, traded above $105 a barrel.
The move by Trump, who claimed Iran is laying sea mines in the strait, is part of the White House’s attempt to cut off the country’s oil exports, squeezing it economically and forcing it to make concessions in negotiations.
“I have all the time in the World, but Iran doesn’t — The clock is ticking!” Trump said in a Truth Social post.
Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth on Friday said a second aircraft carrier will join the blockade in just a few days.
Trump’s allies say the blockade will force Iran to start shutting down crude production — its main source of foreign exchange — within about two weeks. JPMorgan Chase & Co. analysts have said it may take closer to a month for the US to achieve that goal.
The US naval operation has caused many Iran-linked vessels to turn around rather than go through the Hormuz strait. Still, at least some are making the crossing, according to ship-tracking firms, potentially giving Iran the ability to withstand the restrictions for longer.
A US-sanctioned supertanker laden with Iranian oil appeared to halt its transit on Friday.
The White House has given a 90-day extension to a shipping waiver that makes it easier to move oil, fuel and fertilizer around the US, marking the latest effort to counter supply disruptions caused by the war.
US gasoline pump prices now average more than $4 a gallon, the highest level since 2022 and adding to the war’s unpopularity among the majority of Americans.
Some of Trump’s advisers believe his tough, brash messaging on social media and the continuation of the blockade are hindering the chances of a peace deal with Iran, Bloomberg reported on Thursday.
Iranian negotiators have said Trump’s posts are aimed at humiliating Tehran’s leaders and making them less inclined to strike a deal, according to several officials with knowledge of the diplomatic efforts to end the war.
Trump late Thursday said Israel and Lebanon will extend their ceasefire, which was due to end on Sunday, lifting one roadblock to ending the war with Iran.
Israel has been waging war against Hezbollah, an Iran-backed militant group in Lebanon. Trump wants to avoid a return to hostilities in the Arab country because Iran has said that’s crucial to striking a broader peace agreement with the US.
--With assistance from Tooba Khan, Catherine Lucey, Eltaf Najafizada and Patrick Sykes.
(Updates with Iranian foreign minister leaving Islamabad starting in first paragraph)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
‘I Have Half of MAGA’: The Republican Challenging Trump From Within
A Restaurant That’s Barely Raised Prices Since 1973
United’s CEO Is Here to Buy Your Struggling Airline
Why If the War Doesn’t End Soon, Everyone Will Pay
AI Startup Has Helped Reverse Thousands of Denied Health Insurance Claims
©2026 Bloomberg L.P.