Title: AI Chip Surge Elevates Taiwan, Korea in Global Equity Rankings
Date: 2026-04-25 00:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ai-chip-surge-elevates-taiwan-000000285.html?.tsrc=rss

Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home.
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker.
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude.
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
(Bloomberg) -- The artificial intelligence boom has triggered a seismic reshuffling of global equity markets, with Taiwan and South Korea muscling past European nations one by one.
Most Read from Bloomberg
The Billion-Barrel Hormuz Oil Shock Is About to Crash Demand
Gunman Detained, Trump Evacuated After Shooting at Press Dinner
Trump Scraps US Trip for Iran Talks, Leaving Ceasefire in Limbo
Google Plans to Invest Up to $40 Billion in Anthropic
The Hottest Phone for Kids Right Now Is a $100 Landline
With its stock market now valued at nearly $4.3 trillion, Taiwan surpassed the United Kingdom, Europe’s biggest market, earlier this month, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. South Korea is about $140 billion away from doing the same. The tech-heavy Asian markets have shot past Germany and France in the past seven months.
The shift is largely down to massive gains in shares of three companies that provide essential hardware for AI: Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co., the world’s largest chip foundry, and South Korea’s leading memory makers Samsung Electronics Co. and SK Hynix Inc. European stock markets, meanwhile, are more heavily weighted toward financial firms.
“The rapid rise of Korea and Taiwan has been due to the long-term megatrend of semiconductors as ‘the new oil’ — the key input to economic activity — combined with the latest price-insensitive boom in AI investment,” said Ian Samson, a portfolio manager at Fidelity International. It demonstrates “the oligopolistic nature of leading-edge semiconductor manufacturing.”
Asia has cemented its central place in the world’s economy as AI develops and spreads, even amid concerns over the impact of tariffs and the Iran war. Taiwan’s March export orders surged at the fastest pace in 16 years, while South Korea’s exports rose more than 40% for a second-straight month, both fueled by robust chip shipments.
Investors have become more cognizant of this role, with TSMC, Samsung and SK Hynix known as key suppliers to AI kingpin Nvidia Corp. TSMC shares have climbed more than 40% this year while the Korean duo have surged more than 80% each.
TSMC now ranks among the largest companies in the world, with its market capitalization of $1.8 trillion, and the Korean pair combined at $1.5 trillion. Europe’s largest company, chip-equipment maker ASML Holding NV, is smaller than all of them. In fact, the combined market cap of all technology stocks in the Stoxx Europe 600 Index stands at about $1.4 trillion.
Tech Dominance
“This trend can broadly be viewed as a divergence between technology and non-technology sectors,” said Eva Lee, head of Greater China equities at UBS Global Wealth Management. “While individual AI-related stocks in Europe have also delivered strong gains year-to-date, the impact is more pronounced in Korea and Taiwan due to the higher concentration of technology stocks.”
While equity values have soared for the Asian chip powerhouses, their economies remain much smaller than Europe’s largest nations’. The International Monetary Fund estimates South Korea’s gross domestic product at $1.9 trillion this year and Taiwan’s at $977 billion, well below the $3 trillion-plus forecasts for Germany, the UK and France.
To be sure, some investors have sounded caution about the outsized influence of tech stocks in Asia’s markets, given their high weightings in local indexes. Samsung and SK Hynix account for a combined 42% of Korea’s Kospi equity benchmark while TSMC makes up a similar proportion of Taiwan’s Taiex on its own.
AI investment is broadening, however, as the technology’s increasing integration into people’s everyday lives expands demand for all sorts of hardware and applications. TSMC’s index weighting has actually come down from recent highs as stocks like MediaTek Inc. and Delta Electronics Inc. gain share.
“The AI story in Asia may seem narrow at the index level but is broader across the supply chain,” said Francesco Chan, an emerging markets and Asia Pacific investment specialist at JPMorgan Asset Management. “While the largest companies are getting bigger, the opportunity set is also expanding as AI capex continues to trickle down.”
Having passed the UK, Taiwan’s market value is now closing in on that of Canada, which has been expanding on gains in gold and other resource-related stocks. A little further up the rankings is India, whose equities have been slumping on higher energy prices as well as weakness in its banking and IT sectors.
For now, Europe is losing its foothold on the leaderboard due to its relative lack of tech stocks.
“Europe’s heavier tilt toward mature sectors has led to a slower trajectory in market capitalization growth,” said Yi Ping Liao, a portfolio manager at Franklin Templeton. “Korea and Taiwan — and broader North Asia — have built durable advantages in innovation, talent, and manufacturing scale, particularly in key growth sectors, continuing to attract global capital.”
Beyond institutional funds, the hard-charging Asian stock markets are also enjoying greater support from retail investors lured by the AI stock boom. South Korea is seeing a resurgence of loyal mom-and-pop traders known as “ants” for their tendency to act in unison, while there’s also been an upswing in retail participation in Taiwan.
“We are seeing domestic investors playing an increasingly important role” across Asia, said Vikas Pershad, an Asia equities portfolio manager at M&G Investments. Pershad added that he sees the market cap gains in Taiwan and South Korea as “justified” on a long-term view.
--With assistance from Michael Msika and Denny Thomas.
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
‘I Have Half of MAGA’: The Republican Challenging Trump From Within
United’s CEO Is Here to Buy Your Struggling Airline
Why If the War Doesn’t End Soon, Everyone Will Pay
AI Startup Has Helped Reverse Thousands of Denied Health Insurance Claims
A Restaurant That’s Barely Raised Prices Since 1973
©2026 Bloomberg L.P.