Title: Investors Dive Back Into Frontier Markets After April Rally
Date: 2026-04-26 12:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/investors-dive-back-frontier-markets-120000917.html?.tsrc=rss

Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home.
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker.
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude.
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
(Bloomberg) -- Investors are piling back into some of the riskiest markets, as demand for frontier assets picks up after an initial war-driven selloff.
Most Read from Bloomberg
The Billion-Barrel Hormuz Oil Shock Is About to Crash Demand
Gunman Detained, Trump Evacuated After Shooting at Press Dinner
Trump Scraps US Trip for Iran Talks, Leaving Ceasefire in Limbo
The Hottest Phone for Kids Right Now Is a $100 Landline
Google Plans to Invest Up to $40 Billion in Anthropic
The MSCI Frontier Markets Index of equities is up about 10% in dollar terms in April, its best month since 2009, outpacing gains of roughly 9% in the S&P 500. In debt markets, Pakistan raised the size of its dollar-bond sale this month, while the Democratic Republic of Congo attracted bids worth four times the $1.25 billion it raised in its debut issuance.
Money managers including PineBridge Investments, Pictet Asset Management and East Capital Group are adding exposure after trimming risk earlier in the conflict. They are buying bonds in oil exporters such as Kazakhstan, Angola and Ecuador, and equities in Vietnam, where returns are driven more by domestic factors.
The move follows an initial selloff, when frontier assets fell alongside broader markets. With elevated energy prices fueling inflation risks and clouding the outlook for Federal Reserve rate cuts, some investors are turning to economies seen as less tied to global swings, even as liquidity risks persist and traders lack clarity on US-Iran peace talks.
“Investors are showing the willingness to lend but also have a cash cushion that they’re willing to deploy at the right levels,” said Anders Faergemann, head of global sovereigns and economics at PineBridge in London. He has bought Egyptian bonds, betting that the country won’t raise interest rates.
That appetite is already showing up in returns. The JPMorgan Next Generation Markets Index, which tracks the performance of debt issued by frontier nations, has risen about 5% this month. That compares with a return of just 0.1% by US Treasuries, as of Friday. Frontier stocks also escaped the worst of the war-driven swings, with the rolling 100-day volatility on MSCI’s gauge at 15%, compared with 23% for a similar gauge for emerging markets.
Some asset managers are adding Vietnamese stocks, while demand for debt in nations including Nigeria has picked up as high oil prices bolster their outlook. Kazakhstan, another energy exporter, has also benefited: the tenge has been the top-performing currency globally since the start of the war, and the country’s KASE equity index has risen 2% in the same period.
“In frontier markets we are not building an investment case based on the Fed or the global environment,” said Emre Akcakmak, head of frontier markets and portfolio advisor at East Capital Group. The firm holds shares in oil exporters in Kazakhstan and Nigeria, “which are far removed from geopolitical concerns,” he said in an interview.
These markets also provide a hedge against the prospect of higher interest rates, according to Sergey Dergachev, head of EM corporate debt at Union Investment Privatfonds GmbH.
“Depending on how the war progresses, and its implications on inflation trajectory in developed markets, it might lead to some upward pressure for US and bund rates in short- and medium-term,” he said. “Frontier markets usually provide a good shield against gradually higher interest rates.”
Still, some caution that the resurgence may prove fickle. The Iran war has stoked inflation concerns and disrupted supplies of fertilizers and other commodities, raising the prospect that more emerging economies will turn to the IMF for help. Top borrowers like Egypt and Pakistan, both heavily dependent on imported energy and food, could be among the hardest-hit countries.
“The biggest risk that is hanging over the market is inflation,” said Maciej Woznica, portfolio manager at Coeli Frontier Markets AB. He didn’t participate in Pakistan’s dollar-bond sale, citing concerns around inflation. The fund still holds a bond from the state-backed Pakistan Water & Power Development Authority.
Even so, some investors are looking past those risks and stepping back in after the early selloff. Frontier assets fell at the start of the Middle East conflict, creating entry points, according to Mark Boulton, senior investment manager for emerging market equities at Pictet Asset Management.
Vietnam remains one of his preferred markets due to supportive policies and improving sentiment.
“The dark cloud is the energy situation, but most other factors mean that we continue to like” the country, said Boulton, a 28-year veteran who helps manage Pictet’s Global High Yield Emerging Equities Fund. The fund has outperformed 99% of peers over a five-year period.
What to Watch:
Rate decisions during the week in Pakistan, Thailand, Hungary and Brazil
Mexico’s latest trade balance data Monday, while Philippines data on Thursday
India to release March industrial output data on Tuesday, and South Korea on Thursday
Sri Lanka and Poland’s CPI data due on Thursday, also South Africa to release producer prices for March on the same day
--With assistance from Ray Ndlovu, Sujata Rao and Selcuk Gokoluk.
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
‘I Have Half of MAGA’: The Republican Challenging Trump From Within
A Restaurant That’s Barely Raised Prices Since 1973
United’s CEO Is Here to Buy Your Struggling Airline
Why If the War Doesn’t End Soon, Everyone Will Pay
AI Startup Has Helped Reverse Thousands of Denied Health Insurance Claims
©2026 Bloomberg L.P.