Title: Jim Cramer Says Stocks Like Seagate  “Are Really Overextended” For Him
Date: 2026-05-03 15:51
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/jim-cramer-says-stocks-seagate-155101462.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Seagate Technology Holdings plc (NASDAQ:STX) was among thestocks Jim Cramer highlighted, as he discussed the massive AI infrastructure buildout. Cramer was slightly bearish on the stock during the episode, as he commented: Seagate, which had just reported a terrific quarter, but with Western Digital, Sandisk, those stocks though, are really overextended for me. They’re way too parabolic. I say [sell, sell, sell]. lilzidesigns-HhTfeSKz4xQ-unsplash Seagate Technology Holdings plc (NASDAQ:STX) makes hard drives, solid-state drives, and storage solutions for personal, gaming, and business use. During the April 29 episode, Cramer mentioned the company and remarked: What’s working here? The shares of companies where they can’t make enough product in technology. No, not Amazon, not Alphabet, not Microsoft, not Meta, Seagate, Seagate, the maker of disk drives that store data, including data spewed from machines in the data center. Oh, Seagate’s been a horse for ages now, and it rallied 11% today on the conference call. They talked about how they can’t make their product fast enough. I don’t know when that will change because there aren’t enough machines available for Seagate to expand its disk drive production. Boy, that’s exactly what you want to see. That’s what the market wants. While we acknowledge the potential of STX as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on thebest short-term AI stock. READ NEXT:33 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Yearsand15 Stocks That Will Make You Rich in 10 Years Disclosure: None.Follow Insider Monkey on Google News.
