Title: Elon Musk's Space AI Vision Gets Boost As Sundar Pichai Backs Data Centers In Orbit
Date: 2026-05-04 00:31
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/technology/articles/elon-musks-space-ai-vision-003114111.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Elon Musk‘s orbital datacenter goals may have gotten a boost followingAlphabet Inc.CEOSundar Pichai‘s comments about space-based AI compute earlier this month. In a post on the social media platform X, influencerPeter Diamandisshared that Pichai had predicted that space-based AI datacenters would be the “normal” way of building out AI compute within a decade, referring to Pichai’s comments from an April interview with Fortune, adding that Musk had been saying this “for years.” Don't Miss: A single bad hire can set a startup back years. Here are the 5 hires founders most often misjudge — and why Still Learning the Market?These 50 Must-Know Terms Can Help You Catch Up Fast “When the CEO of Google starts agreeing with Elon, pay attention,” Diamandis said, adding that the era of space-based AI was “closer than you think.” Quoting Diamandis’ post, Musk shared his take on the matter, agreeing with the influencer’s assessment. “True,” he said. Truehttps://t.co/eZUICBzqPu — Elon Musk (@elonmusk)May 1, 2026 Notably, Musk’s SpaceX compensation package has outlined the importance of orbital datacenters for Musk, sharing that the reported pay package includes Musk gaining 200 million super-voting restricted shares if SpaceX were to reach a $7.5 trillion valuation, as well as another 60.4 million restricted shares if the company deploys 100 terawatts of computing capacity in space. See Also:Avoid the #1 Investing Mistake: How Your ‘Safe' Holdings Could Be Costing You Big Time The billionaire had earlier shared that a$10 trillion SpaceX packagefor taking humanity to a Kardashev II civilization sounded like a great deal, but reaffirmed that money would become obsolete once humans reach that level. As SpaceX’s IPO looms, the S&P 500, managed byS&P Global Dow Jones Indices, announced that it was beginning consultation on rule changes that could potentially help the commercial space flight company gain an expedited entry into the index. Interestingly, Nasdaq had also announced it would be incorporating multiple rule changes for entry into the Nasdaq 100 index. Recent filings have also reportedly shown that, despite the ambitious goals of Mars colonies and orbital datacenters, SpaceX has cautioned investors that the goals rely on unproven technology and could potentially not be commercially viable. Photo courtesy: Kemarrravv13 from Shutterstock Read Next: Skip the Regrets: The Essential Retirement Tips Experts Wish Everyone Knew Earlier. Thinking about ETFs? See what investment risks you should be aware of before you buy. Up Next: Transform your trading with Benzinga Edge's one-of-a-kind market trade ideas and tools.Click now to access unique insightsthat can set you ahead in today's competitive market. Get the latest stock analysis from Benzinga: APPLE (AAPL): Free Stock Analysis Report TESLA (TSLA): Free Stock Analysis Report
