Title: Elon Musk's Robotaxi Plans Take Shape With Dallas, Houston Rollout, But Tesla Is Still Far Behind Waymo
Date: 2026-05-03 07:32
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/elon-musks-robotaxi-plans-shape-073227135.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Tesla Inc.(NASDAQ:TSLA) recently ramped up its Robotaxi operations in Texas, providing unsupervised Robotaxi rides in Dallas and Houston, while it was already providing rides in Austin. While theramp-up in Cybercab productioncould provide another boost in its Robotaxi exploits, Tesla remains far behind its rivalAlphabet Inc.‘s(NASDAQ:GOOGL)(NASDAQ:GOOG)Waymo. On Thursday, Electrekreportedthat Tesla had increased the size of its unsupervised Robotaxi fleet to 25 across the three Texan cities, citing the Robotaxi tracker. The increase represents a sign of growth in the service, which has struggled to replicate the successes of Waymo, almost a year after it was launched in June 2025 with an onboard safety driver. Read Also:Alphabet-Backed Waymo Issues Software Update For Fleet Following PG&E San Francisco Outage In Austin, Tesla operates 20 unsupervised Robotaxis, while also operating three each in Houston and Dallas, data from the Robotaxi tracker said. The automaker also operates a supervised Robotaxi fleet in California, which comprises 107 vehicles. The Austin fleet also comprises several supervised Robotaxis. On the other hand, Waymo is far ahead in terms of its fleet size, service area, as well as the number of rides completed. Waymooperates across 10 citiesand has reached the 500,000 rides per week milestone. Waymo also aims toexpand its services in London. Meanwhile, ride-hailing giantUber Technologies Inc.(NYSE:UBER) reportedly committed over $10 billion to bolster its Robotaxi pursuits. The commitment illustrates a mix of acquiring equity stakes in Robotaxi operators, as well as expanding Uber’s own fleet size. The company has partnerships in place withLucid Group Inc.(NASDAQ:LCID), by which Uber committed to purchase over35,000 Lucid vehiclesfor the EV maker's upcoming global robotaxi service. It also has a partnership withRivian Technologies Inc.(NASDAQ:RIVN) andNVIDIA Corp(NASDAQ:NVDA). Uber also launched Europe’sfirst commercial Robotaxi servicein the Croatian capital Zagreb in partnership with Verne, a Croatian robotaxi company owned by EV makerRimac. WeRide Inc.(NASDAQ:WRD) is also among the leaders in the global Robotaxi race, with the company operating in over 40 cities across 12 countries. The company recently announced an expansion of its partnership withLenovo Group Limited(OTC:LNVGY), aiming to deploy200,000 Robotaxis over the next five years. Baidu Inc.‘s(NASDAQ:BIDU)Apollo Goshared that it wasrolling out its services to Dubaiin a partnership with Uber. The Chinese tech giant also reported that it had surpassed20 million lifetime robotaxi rideswith Apollo Go recently. Apollo Go is also expanding to London with Uber andLyft Inc.(NASDAQ:LYFT). However, despite the positive news, the company faced a difficult challenge recently as severalApollo Go robotaxis frozein the city of Wuhan, located in Hubei province. The incident was caused as the service was hit by a system outage, with a video showing one Robotaxi colliding with a vehicle on a highway. The incident also invited regulatory scrutiny, with Chinese authorities reportedly slamming the brakes on Robotaxi licenses in the country following the incident, according to a Bloombergreportearlier this week. AutomakerFord Motor Co.(NYSE:F) could also become a part of the Robotaxi race in the near future, following CEOJim Farley‘s cryptic commentsabout the company’s fleet management prowess, as well as its Universal EV Platform, which could support level 3 autonomous driving in the future. Read Also:Amazon Accounted For Over 50% Of Rivian's Q1 2026 Revenue: Jim Chanos Says 'Yikes' Check out more of Benzinga's Future Of Mobility coverage byfollowing this link. Photo Courtesy: Mijansk786 on Shutterstock.com Up Next: Transform your trading with Benzinga Edge's one-of-a-kind market trade ideas and tools.Click now to access unique insightsthat can set you ahead in today's competitive market. Get the latest stock analysis from Benzinga: TESLA (TSLA): Free Stock Analysis Report This articleElon Musk&#39;s Robotaxi Plans Take Shape With Dallas, Houston Rollout, But Tesla Is Still Far Behind Waymooriginally appeared onBenzinga.com © 2026 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.
