Title: Gevo, Helmerich & Payne, ProFrac, Cactus, and Patterson-UTI Shares Are Soaring, What You Need To Know
Date: 2026-05-20 17:56
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/gevo-helmerich-payne-profrac-cactus-175655613.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results The Trump administration plans to invest $2 billion in quantum computing, expanding its broader push into strategic industries The Dow clinched a record high as stocks rebounded on optimism for a US-Iran peace deal US stocks turned higher as oil prices fell on hopes of a US-Iran peace deal Quantum stocks jump as Trump administration doles out $2 billion in exchange for equity US stocks fell as oil prices rose amid doubts about US-Iran peace talks The bond market's signal to the Fed: Interest rates should be higher SpaceX files IPO prospectus, offering a rare look at the company's finances Nvidia beats earnings estimates, gives upbeat outlook on strong chip sales The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq rallied as oil fell and Nvidia earnings were on deck The ChatGPT maker is reportedly preparing to file for an IPO in the coming weeks, with plans to go public as early as September Oil plunges as Trump says US in 'final stages' of Iran deal After an unsteady start, stocks gained as oil prices fell and a bond sell-off paused S&P 500, Nasdaq rise in countdown to Nvidia results The chip giant is set to report results Wednesday as its stock climbs higher and rivals close in. Here's what to expect. The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq fell as bond yields surged amid rate hike concerns Google unveils biggest update to Search in 25 years, including AI agents Trump traded over $50 million in Big Tech stocks last quarter, selling Tesla and buying more Apple, new ethics disclosure shows US stocks slid at the open as bond yields rose and tech stocks extended their retreat AI is likely to concentrate power among corporate giants and leave everyone else further behind, Goldman Sachs says The S&P 500 and Nasdaq slipped as chip stocks fell and investors weighed inflation fears Elon Musk loses trial against OpenAI There are 3 issues that appear little changed after Trump's China summit US stocks rise as yields climb amid inflation worries America's CEOs call out where food prices are rising The housing market is starting to look K-shaped, too Anthropic's shadow IPO market is already flashing trillion-dollar prices Investors eye Nvidia, bond yields, and the next commodity supercycle Wall Street sees bubble-like euphoria in AI-fueled semiconductor rally Should you buy Series I bonds as inflation heats up again? Travel is still on, but rising costs reshape summer vacation plans Executives are blaming layoffs on AI, but research shows AI is 'not the main driver' of US labor slowdown. Intel announces a multiyear partnership deal with McLaren's F1 racing team Here are the most anticipated IPOs in 2026 History's weirdest bubbles have a message for the AI trade Kevin Warsh is set to take over leading the Fed amid one of the most dynamic economic backdrops in modern history Trump’s 'insane amount of trades' astonish Wall Street insiders (Bloomberg) SpaceX accelerates IPO timeline, targets market debut as early as June 12 (Reuters) The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq sank as US bond yields jumped to end a volatile week on a downbeat note The 30-year Treasury yield just broke to its highest level in almost 20 years Nasdaq leads dive in US stocks, with yields jumping amid inflation jitters Cerebras soared on its market debut. Here's how the company plans to take on Nvidia with a new approach to chip technology. Stocks gained, with the Dow closing above 50,000 and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq notching fresh records Cerebras stock surged 100% within minutes of trading in what is expected to be 2026's biggest IPO The Dow retook 50,000 and the S&P 500 topped 7,500 as the AI trade lifted stocks US stocks rise as Nvidia jumps, Trump-Xi summit kicks off Xi Jinping tells US CEOs that 'China's door will only open wider' Micron wiped out roughly $100 billion in market value at Tuesday’s low — and chip bulls still bought the dip Tech stocks led the S&P 500 and Nasdaq to record highs, while the Dow slipped The US Senate confirmed Kevin Warsh as the new chairman of the Federal Reserve with a final vote of 54-45 The 10-year Treasury yield hovered just below 4.5% after hot inflation data, raising concerns stocks could come under pressure A number of stocks jumped in the afternoon session after crude oil pushed back above $100 a barrel, with Brent near $111 and WTI close to $108. The move followed fresh comments from President Trump that "the Clock is Ticking" for Iran, a drone attack on the UAE's Barakah nuclear plant over the weekend, and the continued closure of the Strait of Hormuz, a chokepoint that normally carries about 20% of the world's oil. The Energy Select Sector SPDR Fund (XLE) gained roughly 2.4%, with Exxon, Chevron and ConocoPhillips leading. Supply data added to the squeeze: U.S. crude inventories fell 4.3 million barrels in early May, dropping below the five-year average, while natural gas futures jumped. The risk for investors remained symmetrical as any de-escalation could reverse the move just as quickly. The stock market overreacts to news, and big price drops can present good opportunities to buy high-quality stocks. Among others, the following stocks were impacted: Mixed or Offshore Upstream E&P company Gevo (NASDAQ:GEVO) jumped 4.8%. Is now the time to buy Gevo?Access our full analysis report here, it’s free. Oilfield Services company Helmerich & Payne (NYSE:HP) jumped 4.8%. Is now the time to buy Helmerich & Payne?Access our full analysis report here, it’s free. Oilfield Services company ProFrac (NASDAQ:ACDC) jumped 4.6%. Is now the time to buy ProFrac?Access our full analysis report here, it’s free. U.S. Shale E&P company Cactus (NYSE:WHD) jumped 4.3%. Is now the time to buy Cactus?Access our full analysis report here, it’s free. Oilfield Services company Patterson-UTI (NASDAQ:PTEN) jumped 4.4%. Is now the time to buy Patterson-UTI?Access our full analysis report here, it’s free. Gevo’s shares are extremely volatile and have had 55 moves greater than 5% over the last year. In that context, today’s move indicates the market considers this news meaningful but not something that would fundamentally change its perception of the business. The previous big move we wrote about was 10 days ago when the stock dropped 10.1% on the news that the company reported disappointing first-quarter 2026 financial results, missing both revenue and earnings per share (EPS) estimates. Gevo announced a GAAP loss of $0.09 per share, a significant miss compared to Wall Street's consensus estimate of a $0.02 loss per share. The company's revenue also fell short of expectations, coming in at $42.95 million against forecasts of $45.21 million. While Gevo did beat adjusted EBITDA estimates, investors focused on the top-line and bottom-line misses, which painted the picture of a weaker-than-expected quarter. Gevo is down 15.3% since the beginning of the year, and at $1.75 per share, it is trading 37.1% below its 52-week high of $2.78 from March 2026. Investors who bought $1,000 worth of Gevo’s shares 5 years ago would now be looking at only $254.37. ONE MORE THING: The $21 AI Application Stock Wall Street Forgot.While Wall Street obsesses over who’s building AI, one company is already using it to print money. And nobody’s paying attention. AI chip stocks trade at ridiculous valuations. This company processes a trillion consumer signals monthly using AI and trades at a third of the price. The gap won’t last. The institutions will figure it out. You need to see this first.Read the FREE Report Before They Notice. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
