Title: Caterpillar insider to succeed retiring CFO
Date: 2026-04-09 17:10
URL: https://www.cfodive.com/news/caterpillar-insider-succeed-retiring-cfo/817141/?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Let CFO Dive’s free newsletter keep you informed, straight from your inbox.
Andrew Bonfield, who has been the construction equipment maker’s finance chief for eight years, will serve in an advisory role through Oct. 1.
As part of the transition process, Bonfield will serve in an advisory role through Oct. 1.
Epley, currently senior vice president of global finance services, has nearly three decades of experience at the company and has held a range of roles including division CFO and corporate controller. A Certified Public Accountant, Epley holds a bachelor’s degree in accounting from Bradley University, according to his LinkedIn profile.
Bonfield’s finance experience extended across industries. Before joining Caterpillar, hewasGroupCFO at National Grid, a U.K. multinational electricity and gas utility company for nearly eight years, according to his LinkedIn account. Prior to that he served a roughly one-year stint as CFO of Cadbury plc and from 2002 to 2008 was CFO of the pharmaceutical giant Bristol-Myers Squibb.
Named 2025 CFO of the Year by the CFO Leadership Council and Chief Executive Group, he brought an outsider’s view to Caterpillar, a company that typically leaned on insiders, according to a profile of Bonfield on the CFO Leadership website by Vincent Ryan.
“WhatBonfield has helped coaxout of the organization and made visible, especially to Wall Street, is a value-creation machine with a disciplined capital investment model that steers resources to markets and businesses with the best potential for future growth,” the article states. “Shares in CAT are up more than 200% in the past five years versus around 90 percent for their industry index and 93 percent for rival Deere & Co. It’s a performance that led a panel of Bonfield’s peers to name him our 2025 CFO of the Year.”
Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts
“Foundational rules for risk management have been fundamentally altered forever,” the former CEO of the Institute of Internal Auditors said.
By year’s end, experts expect roughly 40 states to have joined the push to widen on-ramps into accounting by lowering the 150-hour college credit hurdle.
Subscribe to CFO Dive for top news, trends & analysis
Sign up for the freenewsletter.
Interested? Explore more of whathas to offer.
Thanks for signing up!
            Please keep an eye out for a confirmation email fromnewsletter@ittnewsletter.comTo ensure we make it into your inbox regularly,
            add us to your allow list, mark us as a safe sender, or add us to your address book.
            Check out more from
Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts
“Foundational rules for risk management have been fundamentally altered forever,” the former CEO of the Institute of Internal Auditors said.
By year’s end, experts expect roughly 40 states to have joined the push to widen on-ramps into accounting by lowering the 150-hour college credit hurdle.
The free newsletter covering the top industry headlines