Title: Caterpillar Elects New Chief Financial Officer
Date: 2026-04-08 21:05
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/caterpillar-elects-chief-financial-officer-200500002.html?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian.
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
Nike set the stage for a turnaround, but global events keep getting in its way
IRVING, Texas,April 8, 2026/PRNewswire/ -- Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE: CAT) announced today that Chief Financial Officer (CFO) Andrew Bonfield has elected to retire effective Oct. 1, 2026, following eight years with the company. Caterpillar veteran Kyle Epley has been appointed CFO effective May 1, 2026, at which time Bonfield will assume an advisory role for the remainder of the transition.
Bonfield was named 2025 CFO of the Year by the CFO Leadership Council and Chief Executive Group. His planned retirement follows a period of record financial performance and transformation for the company. During Bonfield's tenure, Caterpillar strengthened its robust operating and execution model and delivered consistently strong returns for shareholders, including the highest full-year sales and revenues in Caterpillar's history and a single-quarter record of $19.1 billion for the fourth quarter of 2025.
"Andrew's leadership has been instrumental to Caterpillar's success," said Joe Creed, Caterpillar chairman and CEO. "He brought exceptional financial expertise, a relentless focus on disciplined decision-making and a deep commitment to our customers and shareholders. With Andrew at the forefront, our global finance organization became a strategic advantage for the enterprise, and his impact will be felt long after his retirement."
As part of a seamless transition, Bonfield will serve in an advisory role through Oct. 1, 2026.
Epley brings nearly three decades of Caterpillar experience to the role. Currently serving as senior vice president of Global Finance Services, he leads a global team managing enterprise-wide finance operations, strategy, planning, treasury, pricing, real estate and facilities. Throughout his career, Epley has held several senior finance leadership roles across the company, including division CFO and corporate controller, giving him extensive operational and financial insight across Caterpillar's diverse businesses.
"Kyle is an outstanding leader with deep institutional knowledge and a proven track record of working with the business to drive results," Creed said. "He understands our strategy, our culture and our mission of solving our customers' toughest challenges. I have great confidence in Kyle's ability to build on our strong foundation to lead Caterpillar's finance organization into the future."
Bonfield shares strong support for his successor and optimism about the company's direction.
"It has been a privilege to serve as Caterpillar's CFO and to work alongside such a talented team," said Bonfield. "Kyle is the right leader for this next chapter. He brings the experience, judgment and customer-focused mindset needed to help Caterpillar continue to deliver profitable growth and create long-term value. I look forward to supporting him during the transition and watching Caterpillar continue to thrive."
About CaterpillarFor more than a century, Caterpillar has built a better, more sustainable world. With 2025 sales and revenues of $67.6 billion, Caterpillar Inc. is shaping the future as the world's leading manufacturer of construction and mining equipment, off-highway diesel and natural gas engines, industrial gas turbines and diesel-electric locomotives. Backed by one of the largest independent global dealer networks and financing services through Cat Financial, the company's primary business segments: Power & Energy, Construction Industries and Resource Industries are solving customers' toughest challenges through commercial excellence and advanced technology, driven by a highly skilled, dedicated global team.
View original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/caterpillar-elects-new-chief-financial-officer-302737430.html
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio