Title: Is Wix.com (WIX) Among The Most Affordable Growth Stocks For The Next 5 Years?
Date: 2026-04-07 14:56 UTC
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/wix-com-wix-among-most-145608421.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Wix.com Ltd (NASDAQ: WIX ) is one of the 10 Best Affordable Growth Stocks to Buy for the Next 5 Years . JPMorgan analyst Alexei Gogolev downgraded Wix.com Ltd (NASDAQ:WIX) from Neutral to Underweight on March 27. He also lowered the firm’s price target on the stock from  $114 to $91. The firm said its view of the stock is weakening due to signs that growth in the core business is slowing. It also expects margin improvement to be slower and more uneven than investors had anticipated.

In addition, JP Morgan believes the website and e-commerce management industry is likely to face stronger competition over time. According to the firm, this pressure will be driven by new technology and could be greater than in other sectors it covers.

Analyst Alexei Gogolev highlighted concerns around the downgrade by stating:

"While we like that the company is leaning further towards investment-led vibe-coding differentiation, our conviction to the investment case has diminished on signs of core business revenue growth deceleration. We think that margin improvement will be slower and more volatile than investors anticipate. Longer-term, we view the website and e-commerce management space as facing structurally more technology-driven competition compared to other parts of our coverage."

Ahead of the latest downgrade by JPMorgan, Piper Sandler analyst James Callahan initiated coverage on Wix.com Ltd (NASDAQ:WIX) with a Neutral rating and a $98 price target on March 11. The analyst said that the company’s Base44 has been strong, but its margin outlook remains uncertain. The firm noted that much of this recent growth appears to be driven by paid YouTube advertising.

Wix.com Ltd (NASDAQ:WIX) provides website-building software, hosting, e-commerce tools, and business solutions like booking systems, payments, and marketing services. The company serves individuals, small businesses, entrepreneurs, and enterprises looking to build and manage their online presence. It was founded in 2006 and is based in Tel Aviv, Israel.

While we acknowledge the potential of WIX as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you’re looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock .

READ NEXT: 8 Dirt Cheap Stocks to Buy With $1000 Right Now and 8 Best American Stocks to Buy for the Next 5 Years .

Disclosure: None. Follow Insider Monkey on Google News .
