Title: Jim Cramer Makes Big Prediction About Alphabet (GOOGL)
Date: 2026-05-04 16:39
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/jim-cramer-makes-big-prediction-163957880.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
We recently published
Jim Cramer Commented On Big Market Confusion & Discussed These 20 Stocks. Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is one of the stocks discussed by Jim Cramer. Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) made quite a splash as April closed after its shares closed 9.9% higher on April 30th. Raymond James discussed the firm on the 30th, as it raised the share price target to $425 from $400 and kept a Strong Buy rating. Its coverage followed Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL)’s first quarter earnings report, which saw revenue surge by 22% to a whopping $109.9 billion. During the quarter, the firm’s Search revenue jumped by 19% while its Cloud revenue grew by 63%. As was the case with Starbucks, Cramer was proven right about Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL). While he had sold the shares in 2025 on the back of the firm’s troubles with the Justice Department, more recently, the CNBC TV host had begun to praise the company due to its diversified technological presence. Naturally, Cramer was ecstatic as he discussed Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL)’s latest earnings report:
“The Google call, all right, Alphabet, was an extraordinary call and I think with the stock at 370, it’s gonna go right to 400. It’s head to 400, it’s galloping. . . “It does have it all. . .that’s why 374 is ridiculous, that’s just a way station on the way to 400. “Thomas Kurian, Thomas Kurian on the Google Cloud, frightening, frightening. I’m scared not to do business with him, I wanted to do a class, I said I gotta get a cloud going here! “Search is so good for them, Gemini. . .”
Photo by Firmbee.com on Unsplash Cramer also tweeted about Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL):
“Alphabet, Amazon, Apple breaking away…Incredibly well-run companies, triumphing over lots of obstacles, obstacles that Wall Street thought could not be overcome…”
While we acknowledge the potential of GOOGL as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock. READ NEXT: 33 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Years and Cathie Wood 2026 Portfolio: 10 Best Stocks to Buy.  Disclosure: None. Follow Insider Monkey on Google News.
