Title: 3 Stocks Under $10 We Think Twice About
Date: 2026-04-24 19:57
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/3-stocks-under-10-think-195723988.html?.tsrc=rss

Investors can certainly boost their returns by concentrating on stocks trading between $1 and $10. However, a disciplined approach is necessary because many of these businesses are speculative and lack the underlying fundamentals to support their prices. The bad behavior exhibited by lower-quality companies in this space can spook even the most seasoned professionals, which is why we started StockStory - to separate the good from the bad. Keeping that in mind, here are three stocks under $10 to swipe left on and some alternatives you should look into instead. Share Price: $6.10 Born from the founders' frustration with the inefficiencies of email-based collaboration at Facebook, Asana (NYSE:ASAN) provides a work management platform that helps organizations track projects, set goals, and manage workflows in a centralized digital workspace. Why Do We Avoid ASAN? Customers had second thoughts about committing to its platform over the last year as its average billings growth of 9.4% underwhelmed Competitive market dynamics make it difficult to retain customers, leading to a weak 95.7% net revenue retention rate Drawn-out sales process reflects its software’s integration hurdles with enterprise clients, restraining customer growth potential Asana’s stock price of $6.10 implies a valuation ratio of 1.8x forward price-to-sales.Check out our free in-depth research report to learn more about why ASAN doesn’t pass our bar. Share Price: $7.18 Founded in 1984, Alta Equipment Group (NYSE:ALTG) is a provider of industrial and construction equipment and services across the Midwest and Northeast United States. Why Is ALTG Risky? Products and services are facing significant end-market challenges during this cycle as sales have declined by 1.1% annually over the last two years Cash-burning history makes us doubt the long-term viability of its business model Limited cash reserves may force the company to seek unfavorable financing terms that could dilute shareholders Alta is trading at $7.18 per share, or 6.2x forward EV-to-EBITDA.To fully understand why you should be careful with ALTG, check out our full research report (it’s free). Share Price: $9.60 Spun off from Smith and Wesson in 2020, American Outdoor Brands (NASDAQ:AOUT) is an outdoor and recreational products company that offers outdoor and shooting sports products but does not sell firearms themselves. Why Should You Dump AOUT? Products and services aren't resonating with the market as its revenue declined by 4.3% annually over the last five years Poor free cash flow margin of 1.3% for the last two years limits its freedom to invest in growth initiatives, execute share buybacks, or pay dividends Waning returns on capital from an already weak starting point displays the inefficacy of management’s past and current investment decisions