Title: S&P 500 Edges Higher Amid Mixed Mega-Cap Earnings; Dow Leads Market Indexes Over
Date: 2026-04-30 18:40
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/30/sp-500-edges-higher-amid-mixed-mega-cap-earnings-d/?.tsrc=rss

Caterpillar bulldozed its way to a 10% gain and dragged the Dow along for the ride. Meanwhile, Big Tech had a rougher morning.
The three major U.S. stock indexes moved higher by midday Thursday, though the gains were uneven. The themes of the day were earnings reports, oil prices, and artificial intelligence (AI).
As usual, right?

^SPX data by YCharts
Alphabet (GOOG +10.00%) (GOOGL +10.06%) is up by 9.6% after its Google Cloud division posted 63% revenue growth. At the same time, Alphabet's AI service sales are constrained by limited supplies of electric power and number-crunching hardware -- not by incoming orders. The backlog of unfilled Google Cloud orders is up to $462 billion, nearly doubling from the last quarter.
This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating
Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason.
Meta Platforms (META 8.49%) had a rougher evening. The Facebook and Instagram parent plans to spend $135 billion on AI infrastructure this year, up from $127 billion three months ago. Meta beat Wall Street's estimates across the board, but investors backed away from its costly infrastructure spending. The stock is down 9.2% at the moment.
Microsoft (MSFT 3.90%) experienced a 5.7% dip based on -- you guessed it -- management's AI spending plans. Amazon (AMZN +0.76%) got its mega-spending stock price cut out of the way in February and only dipped 1.2% on Thursday. Yes, both Microsoft and Amazon beat the consensus analyst targets on both the top and bottom lines. That's not always enough when investors are looking for head-turning surprises.
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name. 
Image source: Getty Images.
Of course, Caterpillar's Dow Jones-moving success also tapped into the AI boom. There's a lot of AI data center construction going on, which means Caterpillar's bulldozers and excavators are in high demand, too.
Nvidia (NVDA 4.63%) dropped 4.3% without even reporting earnings. Thanks to the chip designer's dominant share of the index weightings, its milder price drop made a bigger difference than Microsoft's or Meta's earnings-based moves. The pain stemmed directly from Alphabet's earnings, as the Google parent said it's shipping AI accelerators to "a select group of customers." In other words, Nvidia is facing fresh competition.
And I can't analyze index moves without checking up on Iran nowadays. The critical Strait of Hormuz remains blocked. Still, Iranian leaders expect "calm" in the region as the country seeks tighter control of the waterway. As a result, the soaring oil prices are taking a breather today.
Thursday's action tells a clear story: investors are done writing blank checks for AI ambitions. Alphabet showed up with receipts of soaring Google Cloud revenues, and the stock got rewarded. Meta brought a long shopping list instead. The stock was punished.
The Magnificent Seven aren't moving in lockstep anymore. That's a healthy change. It means investors are thinking critically about which companies are turning AI hype into AI revenue. This time, Alphabet stepped up as a clear leader.

 


Before you buy shares in the Dow Jones Industrial Average, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and the Dow Jones Industrial Average wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $496,797!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,282,815!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 979% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 200% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 30, 2026. 

Anders Bylund has positions in Alphabet, Amazon, and Nvidia. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Alphabet, Amazon, Caterpillar, Meta Platforms, Microsoft, and Nvidia. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 18 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 18 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating
Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends