Title:   Meta seeks to fend off EU order to allow rival AI chatbots on WhatsApp at hearing
Date:    2026-05-05 13-29
URL:     https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/technology/articles/meta-seeks-fend-off-eu-132913885.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap. Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin) Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know. Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week. April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation. Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower' The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it) Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience' Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press) Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war. If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans. The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020 The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year. Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed Powell holds what is expected to be his final press conference as chair after the Fed keeps rates steady Fed holds interest rates steady with no end to Iran war in sight Elon Musk testified again in the OpenAI trial, describing his behavior at the company and its nonprofit 'halo' A Senate committee confirmed Kevin Warsh, sending his nomination to be chairman of the Fed to the full Senate Stocks slipped at the open as investors awaited a Fed decision and Big Tech earnings The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1 The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings. The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs. By Foo Yun Chee BRUSSELS, May 5 (Reuters) - Meta Platforms on Tuesday sought to stave off an imminent EU order to allow rival AI chatbots free access to its social ‌messaging site WhatsApp, as it presented its arguments to EU antitrust officials. Meta's request for ‌Tuesday's closed hearing came after the European Commission last month sent the tech giant an additional charge sheet outlining its plan. ​It is part of an interim measure while the EU enforcer continues its investigation into whether the company abuses its market power, which could result in a hefty fine. The Commission will decide in coming months whether to issue the order. Meta introduced a policy on January 15 allowing only its Meta AI assistant ‌on WhatsApp, before subsequently amending it ⁠in March, saying rivals could now use the social messaging app for a fee. That triggered the second charge from EU regulators on top of the first charge ⁠in February related to potential temporary measures to stop Meta from blocking AI rivals. Meta lawyer Tim Lamb and other lawyers were at the hearing in Brussels while executives in the United States were expected to follow ​the four ​hour-long proceeding online. Meta reiterated its previous comments, saying the ​EU antitrust watchdog was using its power ‌to enable some of the largest companies in the world to use the paid-for WhatsApp Business product for free. "This means that a small bakery in France paying to use the service to take croissant orders will be picking up the tab for OpenAI. Small European businesses shouldn't foot OpenAI's bill," a Meta spokesperson said. The Commission's Deputy Director-General for Antitrust Linsey McCallum and her director Carlota Reyners Fontana declined ‌to comment as they headed into the hearing. The Interaction Company ​of California, developer of the Poke.com AI assistant and a ​complainant in the case, also took part. "Meta ​is seeking to monopolize the use of WhatsApp for AI services by reserving ‌it to its own offerings and excluding competitors ​like us," Felix Schlegel, ​co-founder and CTO of The Interaction Company of California, said ahead of the hearing. "We welcome the Commission's action and its consideration of interim measures. At the hearing, we will make clear ​that these measures are necessary and ‌should be adopted without delay," he said. OpenAI and French AI startup Simone were listed ​as participants in the hearing, according to a person with direct knowledge of the ​matter. (Reporting by Foo Yun Chee; Editing by Susan Fenton) Weʼre unable to load stories right now. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
