Title:   3 Tech Funds to Boost Your Portfolio as Nasdaq Hits Record High
Date:    2026-05-05 14-29
URL:     https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/technology/articles/3-tech-funds-boost-portfolio-142900587.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap. Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin) Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know. Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week. April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation. Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower' The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it) Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience' Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press) Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war. If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans. The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020 The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year. Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed Powell holds what is expected to be his final press conference as chair after the Fed keeps rates steady Fed holds interest rates steady with no end to Iran war in sight Elon Musk testified again in the OpenAI trial, describing his behavior at the company and its nonprofit 'halo' A Senate committee confirmed Kevin Warsh, sending his nomination to be chairman of the Fed to the full Senate Stocks slipped at the open as investors awaited a Fed decision and Big Tech earnings The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1 The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings. The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs. The Nasdaq hit a new all-time closing high on Friday, rising again on the back of a strong tech-driven rally. Over the past three years, technology stocks have been the main force behind the broader market’s growth, and the upward trend has continued in 2026. The surge in demand for artificial intelligence (AI) has pushed major tech companies to invest heavily in infrastructure. At the same time, impressive first-quarter results from the so-called “Magnificent Seven” have further fueled the Nasdaq’s rise. Given the ongoing bullish trend, investors may find opportunities in tech funds, such as Fidelity Select Semiconductors Portfolio FSELX, T. Rowe Price Science & Tech PRSCX and Janus Henderson Global Technology and Innovation Fund JNGTX. On Friday, the Nasdaq climbed 0.9% to close at an all-time high of 25,114.44 points before giving up some of the gains on Monday. However, the tech-heavy index has had a remarkable journey over the past few years. The ongoing rally has been largely driven by big tech, especially after strong quarterly earnings from companies such as Amazon, Apple and Microsoft. Continued optimism surrounding AI, particularly generative AI, has also boosted revenues from cloud services and data centers across the industry. Companies like Microsoft Corporation MSFT, Meta Platforms, Inc. META and Alphabet, Inc. GOOGL have invested heavily in AI development. Meta reported a 33% year-over-year increase in first-quarter revenues, while Alphabet saw a 22% rise. Microsoft also posted an 18% growth in the first quarter. The Nasdaq’s performance in 2026 has been notable. Although it dipped 2.3% in February amid market volatility, it quickly bounced back, supported by the ongoing AI-driven momentum. NVIDIA Corporation NVDA has been a major contributor to the index’s gains due to its leadership in AI technology. Meanwhile, Apple’s consistent growth in cloud and AI-related services has also supported the upward movement. So far this year, the Nasdaq has risen nearly 8% and is expected to maintain steady growth throughout the rest of the year. We've chosen three funds from the tech sector that are a must-buy because of their exposure to AI. These funds have given impressive 3-year and 5-year annualized returns, boast a Zacks Mutual Fund Rank #1 (Strong Buy) or 2 (Buy), offer a minimum initial investment of $5,000 and carry a low expense ratio. Also, these funds boast an expense ratio of less than 1% and have a minimum initial investment of $5,000. The question here is: why should investors consider mutual funds? Reduced transaction costs and diversification of portfolios without the several commission charges that are associated with stock purchases are the primary reasons why one should be parking their money in mutual funds (read more: Mutual Funds: Advantages, Disadvantages, and How They Make Investors Money). Fidelity Select Semiconductors Portfolio fund seeks capital appreciation. FSELX normally invests at least 80% of its assets in common stocks of companies principally engaged in the design, manufacture, or sale of electronic components (semiconductors, connectors, printed circuit boards, and other components); equipment vendors to electronic component manufacturers; electronic component distributors; and electronic instruments and electronic systems vendors. Fidelity Select Semiconductors Portfolio fund has a track record of positive total returns for over 10 years. Specifically, FSELX’s returns over the three and five-year benchmarks are 42.2% and 33.3%, respectively. The annual expense ratio of 0.61% is lower than the category average. FSELX has a Zacks Mutual Fund Rank #1. To see how this fund performed compared to its category, and other #1 or 2 Ranked Mutual Funds, please click here. T. Rowe Price Science & Tech fund seeks to invest in long-term capital growth by investing at least 80% of net assets in common stocks of companies expected by T. Rowe Price to benefit from the development, advancement and use of science and technology. While most of PRSCX’s assets are invested in U.S. common stocks, other securities may also be purchased, including foreign stocks, futures, and options, in keeping with the fund’s objectives. T. Rowe Price Science & Tech fund has a track record of positive total returns for over 10 years. Specifically, PRSCX’s returns over the three and five-year benchmarks are 25.2% and 9.6%, respectively. PRSCX’s annual expense ratio of 0.80% is lower than its category average of 1.01%. PRSCX has a Zacks Mutual Fund Rank #1. To see how this fund performed compared to its category, and other #1 or 2 Ranked Mutual Funds, please click here. Janus Henderson Global Technology and Innovation Fund aims for long-term growth of capital and specializes in technology. JNGTX invests the majority of its net assets in securities of companies that the portfolio manager believes will benefit significantly from advances or improvements in technology. Janus Henderson Global Technology and Innovation Fund has a track of positive total returns for over 10 years. Specifically, JNGTX’s returns over the three and five-year benchmarks are 24.9% and 11.5%, respectively. The annual expense ratio of 0.81% is lower than the category average of 0.97%. Janus Henderson Global Technology and Innovation Fund has a Zacks Mutual Fund Rank #2. To see how this fund performed compared to its category and other #1 or 2 Ranked Mutual Funds, please click here. Zacks’ free Fund Newsletter will brief you on top news and analysis, as well as top-performing mutual funds, each week. Get it free >> Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) : Free Stock Analysis Report NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) : Free Stock Analysis Report Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) : Free Stock Analysis Report Meta Platforms, Inc. (META) : Free Stock Analysis Report This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com). Zacks Investment Research Weʼre unable to load stories right now. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
