Title: The Coca-Cola Company (KO)_ Investors Hedge Against Economic Volatility
Date: 2026-04-24 14:40
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/coca-cola-company-ko-investors-144030446.html?.tsrc=rss

We just covered the15 Safe Stocks to Invest In For Beginnersand The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE:KO) ranks 9th on this list. While high-growth tech often grabs headlines, the smart money is positioning itself into The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE:KO) as a hedge against the geopolitical and economic volatility characterizing the first half of 2026. Historically, the firm has demonstrated an uncanny ability to maintain pricing power despite global inflation. When raw material costs rise, Coca-Cola’s brand equity allows it to pass costs to consumers more effectively than almost any other consumer packaged goods firm. In this context, despite broader uncertainty, management has guided for 4%–5% organic revenue growth in 2026, supported by double-digit growth in Latin America and Southeast Asia. READ ALSO:10 Best Stocks to Buy According to Billionaire Rob Citrone. With the recent breakdown of geopolitical peace talks in the Middle East causing oil price spikes in mid-April 2026, elite investors are rotating out of high-beta tech and into low-beta defensive giants. The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE:KO) stock has a beta of 0.36, meaning it is significantly less volatile than the broader market. Another important consideration is the dividend king status of the company. In February 2026, Coca-Cola extended its streak of dividend increases to 64 consecutive years. For institutional income funds, a reliable 2.8%–3% yield is a vital anchor when the S&P 500 becomes choppy. While we acknowledge the potential of KO as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on thebest short-term AI stock. READ NEXT:Israel Englander Stock Portfolio: Top 10 Stock PicksandBillionaire Stan Druckenmiller’s 10 Small and Mid-Cap Stock Picks with Huge Upside Potential. Disclosure: None.Follow Insider Monkey on Google News.