Title: Gear Up for JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Q1 Earnings: Wall Street Estimates for Key Metrics
Date: 2026-04-09 14:15
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/gear-jpmorgan-chase-co-jpm-131502386.html?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian.
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
Nike set the stage for a turnaround, but global events keep getting in its way
The upcoming report from JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) is expected to reveal quarterly earnings of $5.46 per share, indicating an increase of 7.7% compared to the year-ago period. Analysts forecast revenues of $48.56 billion, representing an increase of 7.2% year over year.
The consensus EPS estimate for the quarter has been revised 3.1% lower over the last 30 days to the current level. This reflects how the analysts covering the stock have collectively reevaluated their initial estimates during this timeframe.
Prior to a company's earnings release, it is of utmost importance to factor in any revisions made to the earnings projections. These revisions serve as a critical gauge for predicting potential investor behaviors with respect to the stock. Empirical studies consistently reveal a strong link between trends in earnings estimate revisions and the short-term price performance of a stock.
While investors usually depend on consensus earnings and revenue estimates to assess the business performance for the quarter, delving into analysts' forecasts for certain key metrics often provides a more comprehensive understanding.
With that in mind, let's delve into the average projections of some JPMorgan Chase & Co. metrics that are commonly tracked and projected by analysts on Wall Street.
The consensus among analysts is that 'Book value per share' will reach $128.70 . The estimate is in contrast to the year-ago figure of $119.24 .
Analysts expect 'Total Non-Performing Assets' to come in at $11.18 billion. The estimate is in contrast to the year-ago figure of $9.11 billion.
Analysts forecast 'Total Interest Earning Assets - Average Balance' to reach $3992.72 billion. The estimate is in contrast to the year-ago figure of $3668.38 billion.
It is projected by analysts that the 'Total Non-Performing Loans' will reach $10.62 billion. Compared to the present estimate, the company reported $8.62 billion in the same quarter last year.
Analysts predict that the 'Tier 1 Capital Ratio' will reach 15.1%. The estimate compares to the year-ago value of 16.5%.
The average prediction of analysts places 'Net Interest Income (FTE)' at $25.49 billion. The estimate compares to the year-ago value of $23.38 billion.
Analysts' assessment points toward 'Noninterest revenue- Principal transactions' reaching $7.62 billion. The estimate is in contrast to the year-ago figure of $7.61 billion.
The combined assessment of analysts suggests that 'Noninterest revenue- Investment banking fees' will likely reach $2.61 billion. Compared to the present estimate, the company reported $2.18 billion in the same quarter last year.
According to the collective judgment of analysts, 'Noninterest revenue- Mortgage fees and related income' should come in at $327.33 million. Compared to the current estimate, the company reported $278.00 million in the same quarter of the previous year.
The consensus estimate for 'Noninterest revenue- Lending- and deposit-related fees' stands at $2.31 billion. Compared to the present estimate, the company reported $2.13 billion in the same quarter last year.
Based on the collective assessment of analysts, 'Noninterest revenue- Card income' should arrive at $1.05 billion. Compared to the current estimate, the company reported $1.22 billion in the same quarter of the previous year.
The collective assessment of analysts points to an estimated 'Total Noninterest revenue' of $23.40 billion. The estimate is in contrast to the year-ago figure of $22.04 billion.
View all Key Company Metrics for JPMorgan Chase & Co. here>>>
Shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. have demonstrated returns of +7.1% over the past month compared to the Zacks S&P 500 composite's +0.8% change. With a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold), JPM is expected to mirror the overall market performance in the near future. You can see the complete list of today's Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) stocks here >>>> .
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report
JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio