Title: Jet Fuel’s Surge and Trump’s Meddling Cloud Airline Outlook
Date: 2026-04-25 11:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jet-fuel-surge-trump-meddling-110000452.html?.tsrc=rss

(Bloomberg) -- Airlines around the world are raising prices for bags and seats, dialing back profit forecasts and openly discussing ways to link up with rivals as the chokehold from war-related fuel costs tightens. Most Read from Bloomberg The Billion-Barrel Hormuz Oil Shock Is About to Crash Demand Gunman Detained, Trump Evacuated After Shooting at Press Dinner Trump Scraps US Trip for Iran Talks, Leaving Ceasefire in Limbo Google Plans to Invest Up to $40 Billion in Anthropic The Hottest Phone for Kids Right Now Is a $100 Landline Just in the past few days, United Airlines Holdings Inc. Chief Commercial Officer Andrew Nocella declared the industry in “uncharted territory,” while Alaska Air Group Inc. dispelled any hope that consumers might enjoy lower fares again anytime soon. On the more upbeat end of the spectrum, Emirates President Tim Clark said that most people, after all, quickly move on, and that things will swing back to normal soon. Whether the optimists or pessimists ultimately prevail, what’s certain is that this past week has brought into sharp focus the many challenges bearing down on the airline industry. That’s forcing executives to make some consequential decisions to stabilize their operations. Complicating matters further is a US president openly tipping the scales of competition by touting a possible $500 million bailout of beleaguered Spirit Aviation Holdings Inc. while panning other potential transactions, including a discussed merger between United and American Airlines Group Inc. And not least, there’s the uncertainty stemming from Donald Trump’s vacillating pronouncements on the state of the Iran war. Taken together, the industry is heading into months of insecurity in what should have been a year of strong demand, with initial projections for a record $41 billion in earnings and 5.2 billion passengers. Airlines have invested heavily in their products, from cabin upgrades to lounges to in-flight connectivity as they bet that spending on the more luxurious air travel experience would persist. But now, the exuberance that propelled airlines in the first few months of the year has given way to a sense that the industry has lost a clear sense of direction. “It’s not possible to know with confidence all the ways the industry could be impacted,” Southwest Airlines Co. Chief Executive Officer Bob Jordan said, pointing to “significant economic and geopolitical uncertainty.” “I can’t predict exactly where fuel is going, and so you can’t predict exactly where pricing and fares are going,” he said. For the immediate future, they’re going up. Consumers are being counted on to absorb the extra billions of dollars in jet fuel costs, so airlines are levying new surcharges and raising fees to check bags and select seats.