Title: Apple Inc. (AAPL) Appointed John Ternus as CEO
Date: 2026-04-25 05:57
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/apple-inc-aapl-appointed-john-055723359.html?.tsrc=rss

Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) is one of the 8 Best AI Stocks to Buy According to Billionaire Ken Griffin. On April 21, Reuters reported that Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) appointed John Ternus as CEO, showing a renewed focus on hardware and adding AI to existing devices rather than introducing a specific AI product. Ternus, a 25-year veteran who has overseen many iPhone generations, will take the role in September, succeeding Tim Cook, who led the company to a market value of over $4 trillion. Analysts stressed the importance of strategic continuity. Ben Barringer of Quilter Cheviot said the move gives confidence to investors, adding that Ternus has headed Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL)’s hardware market. It is the company’s primary growth engine. Ryan Shrout of Signal 65 said Ternus’ expertise is focused on integrated hardware, software, and silicon rather than falling under a new AI-first category. david-dvoracek-19-rJG0QENU-unsplash Under Cook, shares soared by about 20 times because of the rising iPhone demand, service growth, and incremental changes. Analysts believe Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) will likely expand by bringing AI into its ecosystem, but Elmwood’s Daniel Binns called the “AI-first device” story premature. Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) designs, manufactures, and sells smartphones, personal computers, tablets, wearables, and accessories, as well as a variety of connected services. It operates in the Americas, Europe, Greater China, Japan, and the Rest of the Asia Pacific. While we acknowledge the potential of AAPL as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on thebest short-term AI stock. READ NEXT:33 Stocks That Should Double in 3 YearsandCathie Wood 2026 Portfolio: 10 Best Stocks to Buy. Disclosure: None.Follow Insider Monkey on Google News.