Title
Amazon CEO's AI chip vision could end up challenging Nvidia

Date
2026-04-09 20:05

URL
https://finance.yahoo.com/video/amazon-ceos-ai-chip-vision-could-end-up-challenging-nvidia-200500488.html?.tsrc=rss

Content
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now
Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation.
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian.
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
In his annual letter to shareholders, Amazon (AMZN) CEO Andy Jassy highlighted the tech giant's latest push into AI chip manufacturing and forecasts on its AWS business (Amazon Web Services).
Yahoo Finance Tech Editor Dan Howley breaks down how Jassy'ssemiconductor vision may challengeNvidia (NVDA) and Advanced Micro Devices (AMD).
Well, let's switch gears to Amazon CEO Andy Jassy's 2020 2025, 2025 letter to shareholders. Uh a couple of curve balls in here that I noted, a $20 billion dollar plus chip business.
Yeah.
Alexa Plus, apparently driving three times more buying, so kind of in the same field as what we were just talking about. Even satellite internet project, Project Leo, um something on the radar there. So, I'm just wondering are investors thinking about Amazon too narrowly or is it still just the, you know, the shopping and AWS?
I I it's it's still shopping in AWS. Um, you know, Leo is a uh kind of nice to have kind of, I guess you would think. I actually it's interesting, I'd like to know where they're going to put that.
Maybe under AWS because it's, you know, it's an internet service, right? Um, they did say that AI is driving uh revenue in uh the the AWS business. Um, and they also, as you said, you uh pointed out that that uh chip business, but they said their AWS AI revenue run rate is more than $15 billion as of Q1 2026.
And then that chip business, $20 billion, but that's just if you attribute it to AWS. Now if you sold the chip business, you know, if you have the chip business on its own, it's a 50 billion dollar business.
It's a solid business just like that.
That's not bad. I would take $50 billion. And they said that one of the interesting things is their CPUs, they said that they've gotten requests from two major customers to buy out all the capacity for their CPUs in 2026. and they said, it's very flattering but we can't do that. We have other customers. And then oh yeah, on top of that,
they said that the response to their own GPUs, their their uh trainium chips has been so good that now they're thinking, well, do we sell this as racks down the line? That that was something that they brought up and that now enters them into direct competition with Nvidia. and this is kind of what we've been seeing as far as the the uh uh cloud giants is, you know, okay, well, they they're developing their chips and they keep saying, well, we we want to keep working with Nvidia, we want to keep, you know, using Nvidia, but we'll just have ours in case customers want this as as you know, uh an alternative, but the whole time you're thinking, well, that could be competition down the line and now
it's starting to become competition.
Yes, yes, yes.
Amazon's saying they may do this. Google, the rumors that they're working uh to get their TPUs to to meta that the information had reported. So this is starting to snowball. and we'll have to see what happens then for Nvidia.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
