Title: Bristol Myers Squibb and Pfizer to Make Eliquis® (apixaban) Available via Mark Cuban Cost Plus Drug 
Date: 2026-04-24 10:59
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/healthcare/articles/bristol-myers-squibb-pfizer-eliquis-105900689.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude. 
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
Allbirds' AI pivot shows signs of froth in markets, but experts say the underlying fundamentals in AI remain strong.
Dow leaps 850 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch new records in stunning rally amid US-Iran diplomacy hopes
Stocks climbed at the open and oil fell as Iran said the Strait of Hormuz is 'completely open'
The stock market has notched one of its fastest turnarounds in years
Europe is facing a severe jet fuel shortage, with 'maybe six weeks of jet fuel left'
Stocks rebound after Trump says Israel, Lebanon agreed to ceasefire
S&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq rise, with fresh records in view amid hopes for truce
Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions
S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses
The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company
S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled
Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher
US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI
JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks'
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Expands Options for Cash-Paying Patients to Access the Nation’s #1 Prescribed Oral Blood Thinner
PRINCETON, N.J., April 24, 2026--(BUSINESS WIRE)--The Bristol Myers Squibb-Pfizer (BMS NYSE: BMY) — (Pfizer NYSE: PFE) Alliance today announced the launch of a collaboration with Mark Cuban Cost Plus Drug Company (Cost Plus Drugs) to offer Eliquis® (apixaban) on CostPlusDrugs.com. Eliquis is one of the most widely prescribed oral anticoagulants in the United States and one of the largest brands in the space to be offered on the site, which allows patients to purchase prescription medicines directly at reduced costs, providing another avenue for patients to access the medication.
"The BMS-Pfizer Alliance is pleased to expand our direct-to-patient options for accessing Eliquis — a medicine relied upon by millions of Americans daily — to the popular Cost Plus Drugs platform," said Adam Lenkowsky, chief commercial officer, Bristol Myers Squibb. "This new collaboration is grounded in a shared commitment to transparency and offers another meaningful solution to overcome access barriers, lower costs and broaden the availability of our medicines for the patients who need them."
Mark Cuban, co-founder, Cost Plus Drugs said, "We’ve heard from a lot of people asking for Eliquis on Cost Plus Drugs, and this is about making sure they have a clearer, more direct way to access it. People shouldn’t have to guess what they’re going to pay for a medication they depend on. When you strip away the layers that drive up costs, you give people more control over how they get their prescriptions."
Beginning April 27, 2026, Eliquis will be available on Cost Plus Drugs, and patients with a prescription will pay a total of $345 for a 30-day supply. Teaming up with Cost Plus Drugs provides another option for cash-paying patients to access Eliquis directly. This follows the 2025 launch of a direct-to-patient offering through the BMS-Pfizer Alliance’s patient resource Eliquis 360 Support, which is also accessible via BMS Patient Connect.
Eliquis is an important treatment option for patients with atrial fibrillation (AFib), not caused by a heart valve problem, to reduce the risk of stroke and blood clots, as well as to treat blood clots in the veins of the legs (deep vein thrombosis [DVT]) or lungs (pulmonary embolism [PE]), and reduce the risk of them recurring. For every 100,000 patients treated, Eliquis has resulted in an estimated $3 billion in total healthcare cost savings and avoidance, such as hospitalization and extended rehabilitation needs.
ELIQUIS U.S. Indications and Important Safety Information
IndicationsELIQUIS is a prescription medicine used in adults to:
- Reduce the risk of stroke and blood clots in people who have atrial fibrillation (AFib), a type of irregular heartbeat, not caused by a heart valve problem- Treat blood clots in the veins of the legs (deep vein thrombosis – DVT) or lungs (pulmonary embolism – PE), and reduce the risk of them occurring again after receiving treatment for blood clots- Help prevent a blood clot in the legs (DVT) and lungs (PE) of people who have just had hip or knee replacement surgery
Important Safety InformationELIQUIS is a prescription medicine used in children from birth and older to treat blood clots in the veins of the legs and lungs (venous thromboembolism) after at least 5 days of initial coagulant treatment, and reduce the risk of them occurring again. ELIQUIS was not studied and is not recommended in children who weigh less than 5.7 pounds (2.6 kg).
ELIQUIS may cause serious side effects, including:
Increased risk of blood clots if you stop taking ELIQUIS. ELIQUIS lowers your chance of having a stroke by helping to prevent clots from forming. Do not stop taking ELIQUIS without talking to the healthcare provider who prescribed it for you. Stopping ELIQUIS increases your risk of having a stroke.ELIQUIS may need to be stopped prior to surgery or a medical or dental procedure. Your healthcare provider will tell you when you should stop taking ELIQUIS and when you may start taking it again. If you have to stop taking ELIQUIS, your healthcare provider may prescribe another medicine to help prevent a blood clot from forming. 
ELIQUIS can cause bleeding, which can be serious, and may lead to death. This is because ELIQUIS is a blood thinner medicine that reduces blood clotting. You may have a higher risk of bleeding if you take ELIQUIS and take other medicines that increase your risk of bleeding, such as aspirin, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (called NSAIDs), warfarin, heparin, clopidogrel, selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) or serotonin norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs), and other medicines to help prevent or treat blood clots.
Tell your healthcare provider about all the medicines you or your child take, including any over-the-counter medicines, vitamins, and herbal supplements.
While taking ELIQUIS, you may bruise more easily and it may take longer than usual for any bleeding to stop.
Call your healthcare provider or get medical help right away if you or your child have any of these signs or symptoms of bleeding when taking ELIQUIS:
unexpected bleeding or bruising, or bleeding that lasts a long time, such as unusual bleeding from the gums, nose bleeds that happen often, or menstrual or vaginal bleeding that is heavier than normal
bleeding that is severe or you cannot control
red, pink, or brown urine; red or black stools (looks like tar)
coughing up or vomiting blood or vomit that looks like "coffee grounds"
unexpected pain, swelling, or joint pain
headaches, or feeling dizzy or weak
Spinal or epidural blood clots (hematoma). People who take ELIQUIS, and have medicine injected into their spinal and epidural area, or have a spinal puncture have a risk of forming a blood clot that can cause long-term or permanent loss of the ability to move (paralysis). Your risk of developing a spinal or epidural blood clot is higher if:
a thin tube called an epidural catheter is placed in your back to give you certain medicine
you take NSAIDs or a medicine to prevent blood from clotting
you have a history of difficult or repeated epidural or spinal punctures
you have a history of problems with your spine or have had surgery on your spineIf you take ELIQUIS and receive spinal anesthesia or have a spinal puncture, your healthcare provider should watch you closely for symptoms of spinal or epidural blood clots or bleeding. Tell your healthcare provider or get medical help right away if you have back pain, tingling, numbness, or muscle weakness, especially in your legs and feet, or loss of control of the bowels or bladder (incontinence).
ELIQUIS is not for use in people with artificial heart valves.
ELIQUIS is not for use in people with antiphospholipid syndrome (APS), especially with positive triple antibody testing.
Do not take ELIQUIS if you or your child currently have certain types of abnormal bleeding or have had a severe allergic reaction to ELIQUIS or any of the ingredients.
Before taking ELIQUIS, tell your healthcare provider about all your medical conditions, including if you or your child have or ever had bleeding problems, have kidney or liver problems, or have antiphospholipid syndrome. Tell your healthcare provider right away if you are pregnant or breastfeeding, or plan to become pregnant or breastfeed. Taking ELIQUIS during pregnancy may increase the risk of bleeding in you or in your unborn baby. Do not breastfeed during treatment with ELIQUIS. Females who are able to become pregnant: talk with your healthcare provider about pregnancy planning, and your risk of severe uterine bleeding if you are treated with ELIQUIS.
Take ELIQUIS exactly as prescribed by your healthcare provider. Take ELIQUIS twice every day, and do not change your dose or stop taking it unless your healthcare provider tells you to. If you or your child misses a dose of ELIQUIS, take it as soon as you remember on the same day, and do not take 2 doses at the same time to make up for a missed dose. Do not stop taking ELIQUIS without first talking with your healthcare provider. Do not run out of ELIQUIS. Refill your prescription before you run out. When leaving the hospital following hip or knee replacement, be sure that you will have ELIQUIS available to avoid missing any doses.
For children who take ELIQUIS, see the detailed Instructions for Use on how to prepare and give a dose of ELIQUIS. Always give ELIQUIS exactly as your child’s healthcare provider or pharmacist has told you. Do not change your child’s dose without talking with the healthcare provider. If a child vomits or spits up within 30 minutes after taking ELIQUIS, repeat the dose. If a child vomits or spits up more than 30 minutes after taking ELIQUIS, do not repeat the dose. Contact the healthcare provider if your child repeatedly vomits or spits up after taking ELIQUIS.
The most common side effect of ELIQUIS in adults was bleeding.
The most common side effects of ELIQUIS in children include headache, vomiting, and heavy menstrual bleeding.
Please see U.S. Full Prescribing Information, including Boxed WARNINGS, and Medication Guide.
About Bristol Myers Squibb: Transforming Patients’ Lives Through ScienceAt Bristol Myers Squibb, our mission is to discover, develop and deliver innovative medicines that help patients prevail over serious diseases. We are pursuing bold science to define what’s possible for the future of medicine and the patients we serve. For more information, visit us at BMS.com and follow us on LinkedIn, X, YouTube, Facebook and Instagram.
About Pfizer: Breakthroughs That Change Patients’ LivesAt Pfizer, we apply science and our global resources to bring therapies to people that extend and significantly improve their lives. We strive to set the standard for quality, safety and value in the discovery, development and manufacture of health care products, including innovative medicines and vaccines. Every day, Pfizer colleagues work across developed and emerging markets to advance wellness, prevention, treatments and cures that challenge the most feared diseases of our time. Consistent with our responsibility as one of the world's premier innovative biopharmaceutical companies, we collaborate with health care providers, governments and local communities to support and expand access to reliable, affordable health care around the world. For 175 years, we have worked to make a difference for all who rely on us. We routinely post information that may be important to investors on our website at www.Pfizer.com. In addition, to learn more, please visit us on www.Pfizer.com and follow us on X at @Pfizer and @Pfizer News, LinkedIn, YouTube and like us on Facebook at Facebook.com/Pfizer.
About the Bristol Myers Squibb-Pfizer CollaborationThe Bristol Myers Squibb-Pfizer Alliance (the Alliance) is committed to driving education and awareness about atrial fibrillation and deep vein thrombosis (DVT) and/or pulmonary embolism (PE). With long-standing cardiovascular leadership, global scale and expertise in this field, the Alliance strives to implement global, research-driven approaches to illuminate and address the unmet needs around strokes related to non-valvular atrial fibrillation, which are often fatal or debilitating. Through collaborations with non-profit organizations, the Alliance aims to provide patients, healthcare professionals and decision makers with the information they need to understand and take appropriate action on risk factors associated with stroke and other cardiovascular conditions.
BMS Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 regarding, among other things, the research, development and commercialization of pharmaceutical products and the Bristol-Myers Squibb-Pfizer Alliance. All statements that are not statements of historical facts are, or may be deemed to be, forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and projections about our future financial results, goals, plans and objectives and involve inherent risks, assumptions and uncertainties, including internal or external factors that could delay, divert or change any of them in the next several years, that are difficult to predict, may be beyond our control and could cause our future financial results, goals, plans and objectives to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, the statements. These risks, assumptions, uncertainties and other factors include, among others, that the expected benefits of the collaboration with Cost Plus Drugs may not be realized by Bristol Myers Squibb. No forward-looking statement can be guaranteed. Forward-looking statements in this press release should be evaluated together with the many risks and uncertainties that affect Bristol Myers Squibb’s business and market, particularly those identified in the cautionary statement and risk factors discussion in Bristol Myers Squibb’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025, as updated by our subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The forward-looking statements included in this document are made only as of the date of this document and except as otherwise required by applicable law, Bristol Myers Squibb undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, changed circumstances or otherwise.
corporatefinancial-news
View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20260423892519/en/
Contacts
Bristol Myers Squibb
Media Inquiries: media@bms.com
Investor Relations: investor.relations@bms.com
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio