Title: A Healthcare Stock With a 6%-Plus Yield: Is the Dividend Safe?
Date: 2026-04-10 19:06
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/10/a-healthcare-stock-with-a-6-plus-yield-is-the-divi/?.tsrc=rss

Content:
The company has increased its payouts over the past five years despite significant challenges.
Although high dividend yields are attractive to income seekers, they can sometimes signal that the dividend is unsustainable and a payout cut is on the way. Is that where we are headed withPfizer(PFE+1.47%)? The healthcare giant's poor stock market performance over the past few years has pushed its forward yield to a juicy 6.4%.But is the company's dividend safe?
Pfizer's revenue, earnings, and stock price dropped off a cliff due to its inability to sustain the incredible sales generated by its coronavirus business. However, over the trailing 12 months, the stock has climbed by a respectable 25%. Can the company maintain this momentum? There is a good chance it can. Here are two reasons why.
Image source: Getty Images.
First, equities have been highly volatile in recent weeks, partly due to geopolitical tensions. In this environment,blue chip dividend payerslike Pfizer -- which also happens to belong to a defensive sector -- tend to attract even more investors than usual. Second, and perhaps more importantly, Pfizer currently has a deep phase 3 pipeline that could make significant progress over the next few years. The company launched 11 pivotal studies in 2025 and plans to launch 20 more this year.
True, Pfizer's pipeline and regulatory progress in recent years have not quite allowed it to turn things around. The difference is that some of the drugmaker's candidates that are now in late-stage studies look highly promising. Consider PF'4404, an investigationalcancermedicine that belongs to a newer class of drugs. Pfizer sees this medicine as a potential pipeline-in-a-drug capable of earning indications across a range of many different cancers.If approved, PF'4404 could be a major growth driver for years to come.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Then there is Pfizer's weight management pipeline, spearheaded by MET097i. This therapy aced phase 2 studies and could differentiate itself from the current market leaders given its potential for once-monthly dosing and lower rates of adverse reactions.
Pfizer has other candidates beyond these two, but they appear to be the most promising.And if it can post strong phase 3 results for them, the company's shares will likely jump. Pfizer will face more headwinds in the medium term, including the loss of exclusivity for some products, such as its anticoagulant Eliquis.
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name.
Even so, over the past five years, the drugmaker has continued to boost its dividends despite the challenges it has faced. As Pfizer navigates this transition period and launches newer products that will drive sales growth as older ones fade into obscurity, the company is likely to maintain its dividend program intact. That's why, for income seekers, this high-yield stock looks like a buy.
Before you buy stock inPfizer, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andPfizerwasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $555,526!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,156,403!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is968% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.
Prosper Junior Bakinyhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Pfizer. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over18 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 18 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Top 10 Stocks to Buy Now&OurLimited-Time4-StockRule BreakersReport
*$199 for two years is a promotional price for new members only. 67% discount based on the current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/yr. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 13, 2026 at 11:59 pm PST.**Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.