Title: Eli Lilly's new GLP-1 pill vs. Wegovy, JPMorgan initiates coverage on Hims
Date: 2026-04-24 15:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/eli-lillys-glp-1-pill-150000340.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude. 
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
Allbirds' AI pivot shows signs of froth in markets, but experts say the underlying fundamentals in AI remain strong.
Dow leaps 850 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch new records in stunning rally amid US-Iran diplomacy hopes
Stocks climbed at the open and oil fell as Iran said the Strait of Hormuz is 'completely open'
The stock market has notched one of its fastest turnarounds in years
Europe is facing a severe jet fuel shortage, with 'maybe six weeks of jet fuel left'
Stocks rebound after Trump says Israel, Lebanon agreed to ceasefire
S&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq rise, with fresh records in view amid hopes for truce
Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions
S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses
The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company
S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled
Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher
US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI
JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks'
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Market Catalysts Host Julie Hyman and Yahoo Finance Senior Reporter Brooke DiPalma track several of the day's top trending stock tickers, including prescriptions for Eli Lilly's (LLY) new GLP-1 weight-loss drug reportedly trailing the oral version of Novo Nordisk's Wegovy (NVO), JPMorgan analysts initiating coverage on Hims & Hers Health stock (HIMS), and Regeneron (REGN) offering new hearing-loss therapy plans for free.
We are watching Eli Lily, Hims and Hers and Regeneron, a bit of a healthcare theme for us, Brooke De Palma.
She's joining me now to talk about all this. Uh let's talk about Eli Lily first because uh we're seeing the battle of the GLP ones now play out um in oral form, in pill form, right? moving on from the shots.
And uh Brooke reportedly, if you look at new prescription numbers, the pill isn't competing that strongly against the Novo Nordisk existing product.
Yeah, what we definitely saw was prescriptions down over the course of the week ending April 17th, fell about 2%. Pacificly when it comes to Zepbound, uh that's injectable still, while we'll go be injectables, still rose about 2%. When you take a look specifically at the oral pills, which keep in mind, are really they're new to the market, Julie. These only launched earlier this year. and so these are these are something that are relatively new. You think about customer adoption rate, maybe a bit slower here, but what we are seeing is that Eli Lily's newly launched uh foundo, that had just launched and for its first week, ending in April for really first time to the market market, it reached about 3,770 while no uh Novo Nordis while Gold V pill recorded about 18,410 prescriptions during the first week.
And so, it seems like Novo Nordisk is not necessarily winning this, but the attention that this oral pill got earlier this year ran up to above 18,000. Now, Eli Lily not having as uh good of a launch with their oral pill as well. My personal uh take on this is I think that when that pill did come out in January, it just got so much attention and just so much buzz. Maybe not as much for uh Eli Lily's launches of their oral version.
Right. And the assumption was that like if you could take a pill instead of doing a shot, that that a lot of people would choose that, but maybe if people are sort of accustomed to and it's working for them to do the shot, maybe they're sticking with it. But we'll see what new adoption ends up being like also.
Um we have sort of a related uh mover next, which is Hims and Hers. We had JP Morgan initiating the stock at an overweight. The analyst team led by Corey Carpenter over there putting a price target, um it looks like of $35 on the stock. um and they basically said that the company's been punished and it shouldn't be that there are a lot of um sort of catalysts going forward that could be positive.
Although, I will say, it's not like their $35 price target is that much above where it is right now.
Right. I mean, keep in mind though, the stock is up popping a bit today. It's up about 5.8% because of this uh, you know, overweight rating that the firm put on it.
Right.
But at the same exact time, this has been a roller coaster ride for this stock. We we've been chatting a lot about this company because they just have made so many headlines.
And what this JP Morgan analyst initially said was that maybe those GLP1 compounds that ended up getting struck down by the FDA, maybe pushed the envelope a little bit too far. essentially, it was like ingredients of a GLP1 but not an entire GLP1. And now that they've teamed up with Nova Nork, it seems like the appetite, the investor sentiment on this company has now turned a page here.
Yeah, we'll see if that that is the case here and we'll see what these uh going forward catalysts look like. I mean, peptides like are all the rage right now in terms of what may be.
Julie, I was going to say the same thing.
Yeah.
I mean in this note, they also mentioned peptides. If you guys have been watching, Julie and I have been talking about peptides a lot on the show, it feels like. But it seems like the investor sentiment right now is that because of this facility that they have out in California, Him and hers is sort of ahead of this peptide trend that could really accelerate over the coming years.
Yeah, I mean, they, you know, there needs to be more regulatory clarity on this and JP Morgan expects the FDA to approve, they say they're in the process of approving 12 peptides for mass compounding, which would be something that would benefit him's an horse. This is something that uh RFK Jr. has been pushing for. He's big peptide guy, um the manisphere, they're all in on peptides. So we'll see uh we'll see how this plays out.
And then finally, this is such a cool story. Regeneron, a couple of things. The company um was the latest to sort of join the White House's Trump Rx platform. The shares are down about 3%. but the cool part of this maybe doesn't have anything to do with stock, I don't know, is that they have a new gene therapy that uh basically restores hearing to uh uh deaf children.
And this is a very small number of children that are affected by a very specific reason behind their deafness. Um, and it's being being provided for free uh by the company. But still, Brooke, I thought that was a pretty cool story.
Yeah, really cool story indeed. I mean, the fact that it also is teaming up with the White House to provide this sort of therapy for free. I mean, that's something that is kind of unheard of these days.
And so I think that that speaks volumes to the fact that these companies sometimes while teaming up with this administration in order to cut prices lower on pharmaceuticals. This is a pretty cool initiative that the company does have here. and I also think this does speak volumes to the many other uh pharmaceutical companies that we've been chatting about over the past years who also inked deals with this administration. and there's about a running list of about 17 right now who have agreed that they're going to lower or discount the cost of their drugs in order to hopefully get a bit of a, you know, offset when it comes to President Trump's tariffs.
Those companies include Pfizer, include Amgen, Eli Lily, Nova Norda, some of the ones we were just discussing. But I like to see this company specifically doing it for something that's super niche like you were mentioning Julie.
Yeah, I think it's only something like 50 kids a year are born with this particular mutation.
Nonetheless, still pretty cool. The stock is up by the way about 24% over the past 12 months. Thanks a lot Brooke.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio