Title: Battle of Big Pharma: Is AbbVie Stock Pulling Ahead of Pfizer?
Date: 2026-04-10 13:32
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/healthcare/articles/battle-big-pharma-abbvie-stock-133200889.html?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading
The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride.
Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started.
Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks
Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg)
Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week
Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be.
Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher
Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO
What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings
The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey.
Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026.
Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains.
Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire
US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October.
US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge
Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite
Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now
Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation.
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
PfizerPFE andAbbVieABBV are leading U.S. drugmakers with strong positions across multiple therapeutic areas. Oncology contributes roughly 27% of Pfizer’s total revenues, while the company also maintains a solid footprint in inflammation and immunology, rare diseases and vaccines.
AbbVie, meanwhile, has established strength in immunology, oncology and neuroscience, along with a presence in aesthetics and eye care. Its newer immunology therapies, Skyrizi and Rinvoq, have effectively offset the impact of Humira’s loss of exclusivity (“LOE”). Immunology now generates about half of the company’s total revenues.
Both companies boast robust R&D pipelines that should drive innovation and long-term growth. However, which stock offers the more compelling opportunity at present? A closer look at their fundamentals, growth prospects and key risks can help determine the better pick.
Pfizer is one of the largest and most successful drugmakers in oncology. Its position in oncology was strengthened with the acquisition of Seagen in 2023. Its oncology revenues grew 8% in 2025, driven by drugs like Xtandi, Lorbrena, the Braftovi-Mektovi combination and Padcev.
Pfizer’s dependence on its COVID business has now reduced. Its non-COVID operational revenues are improving, driven by key in-line products like Vyndaqel, Padcev, and Eliquis, new launches and newly acquired products like Nurtec and those from Seagen. Sales of Pfizer's recently launched and acquired products rose approximately 14% operationally year over year in 2025. In 2026, Pfizer expects its recently launched and acquired products to record continued double-digit growth.
Pfizer is also trying to rebuild its pipeline through acquisitions. Seagen, Metsera and Biohaven are the most significant strategic acquisitions in recent years. In 2025, Pfizer invested around $9 billion in M&A deals, including the acquisition of obesity drugmaker, Metsera and the licensing deal with 3SBio.
Pfizer plans to start 20 pivotal studies in 2026, including 10 pivotal studies for the ultra-long-acting obesity candidates added from the Metsera acquisition and four for PF-08634404, the dual PD-1/VEGF inhibitor in-licensed from Chinese biotech 3SBio in 2025.
Pfizer expects its recently launched and acquired products and a strong pipeline to help revive top-line growth toward the end of the decade.
Pfizer’s significant cost reduction and efforts to improve R&D productivity measures are also driving profit growth. Pfizer’s dividend yield stands at around 6.3%, which is also impressive.
However, Pfizer’s 2026 outlook failed to impress investors. PFE’s revenue and earnings guidance for 2026 represents mostly flat to slightly negative growth, which disappointed investors. Its other challenges include declining sales of its COVID products, unfavorable impact from the Medicare Part D redesign and the upcoming LOE cliff in the 2026-2030 period as several of its key products, including Eliquis, Vyndaqel, Ibrance, Xeljanz and Xtandi, face patent expirations.
AbbVie has successfully navigated the LOE of its blockbuster drug, Humira, which once generated more than 50% of its total revenues. It has accomplished this by launching two other successful new immunology medicines, Skyrizi and Rinvoq, which are performing extremely well, bolstered by approvals in new indications, and should support top-line growth in the next few years.
Skyrizi and Rinvoq generated combined sales of $26.0 billion in 2025, exceeding expectations and representing year-over-year growth of more than 40%. In 2026, AbbVie expects combined Skyrizi and Rinvoq sales of more than $31 billion.
AbbVie’s neuroscience portfolio is also contributing to top-line growth. Sales of its neuroscience drugs increased almost 20% to $10.8 billion in 2025, driven by higher sales of Botox Therapeutic, depression drug Vraylar and newer migraine drugs Ubrelvy and Qulipta.
Its oncology segment generated combined revenues of $6.6 billion in 2025, up 1.5% year over year as higher sales of Venclexta and contributions from new drugs, Elahere and Epkinly, partially offset the decline in Imbruvica sales.
AbbVie has been on an acquisition spree in the past couple of years to bolster the early-stage pipeline that should drive long-term growth. Particularly, it is signing several M&A deals in the immunology space, its core area, and also inking some early-stage deals in oncology and neuroscience areas. In 2025, AbbVie invested more than $5 billion to acquire innovative pipeline candidates.
The company faces some near-term headwinds like Humira’s biosimilar erosion, a slight slowdown in oncology sales and declining sales of its Aesthetics unit due to continued macro challenges and weakened consumer sentiment. Global sales of the aesthetics portfolio declined 5.9% in 2025.
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for Pfizer’s 2026 sales and EPS implies a year-over-year decrease of 2.5% and 7.5%, respectively. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for 2026 earnings has risen from $2.97 per share to $2.98 per share, while that for 2027 is stable at $2.82 per share over the past 60 days.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for AbbVie’s 2026 sales and EPS implies a year-over-year increase of 9.6% and 45.3%, respectively. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for 2026 earnings has risen from $14.46 per share to $14.53, while that for 2027 has decreased from $16.15 to $16.14 per share over the past 60 days.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
In the past year, while PFE stock has risen 24.2%, AbbVie stock has jumped 21.3%. The industry has returned 25.8% in the said time frame.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Pfizer looks more attractive than AbbVie from a valuation standpoint. Going by the price/earnings ratio, AbbVie’s shares currently trade at 14.14 forward earnings, lower than 17.42 for the industry. However, ABBV currently trades higher than its five-year mean of 13.81. Pfizer’s shares currently trade at 9.29 forward earnings, lower than the industry. PFE also trades below the stock’s five-year mean of 10.06.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
AbbVie’s dividend yield is 3.2%, while Pfizer’s is 6.3%.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
AbbVie and Pfizer have a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) each at present, which makes choosing one stock a difficult task. You can seethe complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
After taking a hit over the past three years largely due to a sharp decline in sales of its COVID-related products, Pfizer’s stock is gradually recovering.
However, Pfizer’s upcoming LOE cliff is a major factor that tilts us in favor of AbbVie, despite Pfizer’s better stock performance, valuation and dividend yield.  AbbVie has faced Humira’s patent cliff quite well and looks well-positioned for continued strong growth in the years ahead. ABBV delivered robust net sales growth in 2025, which is just the second full year following the Humira LOE in the United States. AbbVie expects another year of robust growth in 2026. It expects total revenues to rise approximately 9.5% in 2026.
It expects high single-digit revenue growth through 2029, as the company has no significant LOE events for the rest of this decade. A substantial portion of this growth is expected to be driven by the robust performance of Skyrizi and Rinvoq. With no significant LOEs expected this decade, AbbVie has the flexibility to invest more in R&D and continue acquiring external innovations.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report
Pfizer Inc. (PFE) : Free Stock Analysis Report
AbbVie Inc. (ABBV) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio