Title: EGYM to merge with Playlist: CEO talks new $7.5 billion evaluation
Date: 2026-04-12 12:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/egym-to-merge-with-playlist-ceo-talks-new-75-billion-evaluation-120000414.html?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride.
Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started.
Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks
Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg)
Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week
Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be.
Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher
Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO
What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings
The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey.
Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026.
Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains.
Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire
US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October.
US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge
Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite
Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now
Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation.
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian.
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
EGYM co-founder and CEO Philipp Roesch-Schlanderer sits down with Jared Blikre to explain the smart fitness equipment company's merger with Playlist — the parent company of workout subscription service ClassPass — and discuss the new company's current valuation of $7.5 billion.
Philip, thanks for joining us here. Uh, this is a massive deal for you and you've uh made considerable inroads in M&A. What's what's your grand strategy here?
Thanks so much for having me, Jared. Yeah, um, we are building the world's largest wellness operating system. We believe that the fitness and the wellness industry have an incredible opportunity to really drive more um, prevention into our society. The world's largest market is healthcare and all of it is right now repair. We're going to drive in sustainability here with like leaning more towards prevention. And what you need for that is a few things that we're all building. You need to optimize how we run fitness operations with our mount mind body brand. We want to optimize the consumer experience inside fitness facilities, much more personalized, more AI through our EGYM brand. and then we want to um allow people to very easily have access to these facilities through our Mindbody marketplace, our class pass consumer app and then our wellpass corporate subsidized app.
All right, let's talk about that seven and a half billion dollar valuation and the revenue mix. So we've got SAS software of a service, hardware, corporate wellness. Talk to us about the mix and what your goals are there.
Yeah, absolutely. Um so we believe these are all different puzzle pieces that are required to achieve um our transition from repair to prevention in the healthcare space. Um and we want to help employers to drive down their health care costs using all these different tools. Um you need to really um have these pieces in place to drive that change. It's not enough to make the gym work for everyone. You also need to have the ability to bring people into the gym for which we have class pass and well pass. Um and then of course you need to run processes as efficiently as possible so we can serve much larger audiences for that we have my body.
Are there any puzzle piece pieces that you're missing right now? What might those be?
Ah, yeah, I mean, we are in a lot of different countries. I think 31 countries right now. So, um, there is still um because we're operating marketplaces, there should be um basically just a lot of view expansion. in all our existing markets, we grow very fast still. um, and um so basically there's a lot of organic growth, but we definitely also see MNA opportunities for us on the horizon.
I want to ask you about two really big companies we talk about all the time on this show. That would be Apple and Google, both of them in the health fitness industry in different ways, to a limited extent, uh to some extent. Um, any way, is there any risk of them creating like a software layer that might compete with certain parts of your business?
Uh it's right now hard to imagine and and there's like a a number of reasons. One class pass and well pass is a marketplace. So there's like tens of thousands of tenants, um that of course also create a defense ability. there's millions of users and so on. But on the other hand also, um we are specifically focused on uh you know, what we call professionally managed training floors and not home fitness. You find those two companies mainly in home fitness. Um we go through the gym, we deeply know the gym, we deeply know fitness studios, um because one of the things we believe in is that inexperienced exercises can only find exercise success in a professionally managed training floor. And so therefore you need the gym.
And are there any concerns about the macro environment in which we find ourselves. I mean, we got war headlines every day. We got this K-shaped consumer and one of the first things that consumers pull back on when we get into a pinch is those discretionary purchases.
Yeah, you know, when somebody chooses to change their longevity and now become healthy, um they will maybe, you know, cut short on the most expensive car or the vacation, but what we have seen in the past is they don't cut down their, you know, $30 or $50 or $100 gym membership that is meant to now have them lead a healthy lifestyle. And the best way I can explain you to that is basically since 2000, the fitness industry has outperformed GDP growth in every single year with the exception of the lockdown years 2020 and 2021.
You mentioned AI at the beginning of the interview. Uh how are you incorporating AI in your various products?
Yeah. So as you want to make the gym work for everyone, um one of the things we try to achieve is personalized user experiences. Think of how can we make sure that everyone works out safely and effectively as if they had the best possible personal trainer with all their knowledge uh next to them. And that's why we've launched Em genius, which is the AI that connects to all the data we are collecting from you. So when you, for example, use our smart strength machines, we collect your strength for every single muscle group, and then it prescribes the perfect workout for you. So that's for one, one of the many ways how we use AI. We also use AI to run, you know, the um operations or fitness operations more effectively. For example, we have the AI receptionist helping fitness operators to really focus on the core of their business.
And uh, we got a minute left. How about GLP, the weight loss drugs and do those affect your business in any way or is that just kind of a side note for you?
No, this is something that is a huge opportunity for us as an industry and specifically for us as a company. We actually have now uh commissioned a clinical study because we have created a specific workout protocol where we belief will have um GLP one users keep their muscles and we would be able to scale that with zero variance because it's on connected equipment. Um, so GLP1 users, it works really well, they lose a lot of weight, but 30 to 40% of the weight loss is muscle. The problem with that is that it basically increases the muscle skeletal diseases, which is the number one cost factor in health care, but also people don't get off the drug anymore because now with less muscles, uh they have basically a lower calorie consumption per day, and therefore when they get off the drug, they regain all the weight in fat, and that's not what you want. So now these employers get stuck with these people, 13% of Americans keep costing them between 600 and 1,000 per employee and month, um, and we want to change that.
Well, I wish you luck with that. I'll get you out on this. Any plans to take the company public? Are we going to talk about a playlist IPO anytime?
I would say we are extremely predictable. Many many years hit the budget. We're growing fast, we're very profitable. Um we are very well diversified over different segments and geographies. We are definitely like an asset that has the ability to go, but we haven't made a decision on when.
All right, sounds like we're going to be having you back on to perhaps to talk about a public company in your future. Thank you so much, Philip, great insights.
Thank you so much for having me on, Jared.
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio