Title: Japan Bets $16 Billion to Propel Rapidus in Global AI Chip Race
Date: 2026-04-11 11:25
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/technology/articles/japan-bets-16-billion-propel-112506649.html?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride.
Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started.
Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks
Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg)
Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week
Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be.
Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher
Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO
What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings
The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey.
Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026.
Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains.
Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire
US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October.
US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge
Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite
Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now
Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation.
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian.
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
(Bloomberg) -- Japan approved ¥631.5 billion ($4 billion) in additional subsidies to quicken Rapidus Corp.’s entry into the high-stakes AI chipmaking arena, ramping up support for a project widely regarded as a long shot.
The capital is intended to bankroll Rapidus’ work for IT firm Fujitsu Ltd., one of the initial clients that Tokyo hopes will get the signature endeavor off the ground. The new money raises the fees and investments that the government is injecting into the startup to ¥2.6 trillion ($16.3 billion) by the end of the current fiscal year to March 2027, according to a statement from the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry. An external committee inspected Rapidus’ foundry in Hokkaido in northern Japan, and signed off on its technological progress, the ministry said Saturday.
Tokyo is offering financial support to Rapidus to help it secure customers, Minister Ryosei Akazawa told reporters at a Rapidus event in Hokkaido on Saturday. The fledgling company aims to make cutting-edge 2-nanometer chips by 2027, a schedule Akazawa reaffirmed, and help Japan lower its reliance on industry leader Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. Policymakers see Rapidus’ success and technological independence in AI, robotics and quantum computing as critical to the country’s security.
The Japanese state-backed venture, founded in 2022, now faces additional competition for chip expertise from an unlikely quarter: Elon Musk is entering the white-hot arena, partnering with Intel Corp. on the so-called Terafab project to make semiconductors for his companies including Tesla Inc., SpaceX, and xAI.
Read: Intel to Join Musk’s Terafab in Surprise Move, Lifting Stock
Despite its latest strides forward, Rapidus remains far behind TSMC, which began 2nm volume production last year and is the go-to chipmaker for Nvidia Corp. and Apple Inc. In addition to technological hurdles, Rapidus — like other manufacturers in resource-poor Japan — are getting hit by rising costs for energy and material input during the conflict in the Middle East. Tokyo is counting on Rapidus at a time soaring demand for the chips critical to AI development is squeezing supplies of memory and other semiconductors around the world.
The Japanese government’s bet on Rapidus is considerable, but likely to get public support due to economic security concerns, said Akira Minamikawa, an analyst with consultancy Omdia who previously voiced doubts about the feasibility of the 2027 mass production target. Now, there is a growing sense that goal may be reached due to “substantial support” Rapidus has received from partners including International Business Machines Corp., which is licensing technology to the chipmaker, and Dutch equipment supplier ASML Holding NV, he said.
Still, Rapidus Chief Executive Officer Atsuyoshi Koike has himself acknowledged the mammoth task ahead. Production of cutting-edge semiconductors is technically challenging and expensive. TSMC this year is planning to allocate more than $50 billion in capital expenditures, with no other competitors coming close to winning as many AI accelerator orders.
Rapidus, which targets an initial public offering around fiscal 2031, aims to secure roughly ¥3 trillion in private-sector financing partly with the help of government loan guarantees, the Japanese ministry said. It has set up an analysis facility in Chitose, Hokkaido to test and diagnose Rapidus’ chips in an attempt to lift yields, and has also begun operations of a backend processes development center.
--With assistance from Mayumi Negishi, Masatsugu Horie and Takashi Mochizuki.
(Adds more details throughout and analyst comment.)
More stories like this are available onbloomberg.com
©2026 Bloomberg L.P.
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio