Title: Is a Foldable iPhone a Reason to Buy Apple's Stock?
Date: 2026-04-12 13:45
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/12/is-a-foldable-iphone-a-reason-to-buy-apples-stock/?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Apple is set to enter the foldable smartphone market.
Apple(AAPL+0.00%)is no longer at the forefront of innovation, having taken on the role of waiting for competitors to pioneer new technologies before looking to perfect them for its own devices.
The company has taken the same approach with foldable phones. Foldable smartphones have been around since 2019, but Apple is just now looking to enter the market later this year.
The company has reportedly hit a snag as it works through some technical challenges related to the device's design and durability. However, it is still expected to introduce the new device in September when it typically unveils its latest iPhone product lineup. The foldable iPhone is projected to cost more than $2,000, making the phone its new high-end version.
Image source: The Motley Fool.
While introducing a technology that has been around for seven years doesn't sound too exciting, it will be something new and different for users within the Apple ecosystem.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
The company has a fiercely loyal customer base, and quite frankly, once you're in the Apple ecosystem, it's hard to get out. That is why I think the foldable iPhone could be a good seller, even though the majority of U.S. consumers have said they aren't that interested in foldable smartphones.
Apple stock is not a buy on the introduction of a foldable iPhone by itself, but that could help drive sales. These phones will come at a higher price point, so any user upgrades will help give it a sales lift. However, its most important market for these phones isn't the U.S.; it's China.
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name.
Apple has begun to see a resurgence in the country, helped by its new orange-colored iPhone. Foldable smartphones, meanwhile, are very popular in China. It's the largest market for these devices, and foldable smartphone sales have been growing briskly.
Meanwhile, any Apple device that can draw in more users to its platform is a big win. WhileApplecreated a strong upscale smartphone and electronics brand, the beauty of its business model is that these devices help lock in customers to its ecosystem, where they then buy high-margin subscriptions and services. This can be something as simple as paying for additionalcloud storageto hold photos or getting an Apple Music subscription. Meanwhile, Apple Pay is the world's largest digital wallet and has been another huge growth driver.
Overall, I think the foldable iPhone should be a nice positive for the company, but buy the stock because it has one of the world's great compounding business models, not for its latest hardware introduction.
Before you buy stock inApple, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andApplewasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $555,526!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,156,403!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is968% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.
Geoffrey Seilerhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Apple and is short shares of Apple. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over35 Amazons.
What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Top 10 Stocks to Buy Now&OurLimited-Time4-StockRule BreakersReport
*$199 for two years is a promotional price for new members only. 67% discount based on the current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/yr. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 13, 2026 at 11:59 pm PST.**Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.