Title: US-Sanctioned Supertanker With Iran Oil Halts Hormuz Transit
Date: 2026-04-24 11:58
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/energy/articles/us-sanctioned-supertanker-iranian-oil-040140006.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude. 
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
Allbirds' AI pivot shows signs of froth in markets, but experts say the underlying fundamentals in AI remain strong.
Dow leaps 850 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch new records in stunning rally amid US-Iran diplomacy hopes
Stocks climbed at the open and oil fell as Iran said the Strait of Hormuz is 'completely open'
The stock market has notched one of its fastest turnarounds in years
Europe is facing a severe jet fuel shortage, with 'maybe six weeks of jet fuel left'
Stocks rebound after Trump says Israel, Lebanon agreed to ceasefire
S&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq rise, with fresh records in view amid hopes for truce
Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions
S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses
The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company
S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled
Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher
US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI
JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks'
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
(Bloomberg) -- A US-sanctioned supertanker laden with Iranian oil appeared to halt its transit through the Strait of Hormuz on Friday, with traffic through the waterway otherwise at a virtual standstill.
Most Read from Bloomberg
US Reduces Marijuana Restrictions in Lift to Ailing Industry
Meta Tells Staff It Will Cut 10% of Jobs in Push for Efficiency
Anthropic’s Mythos Model Is Being Accessed by Unauthorized Users
Inside Alex Cooper’s Unwell: Tears, Screaming and Employees Looking for the Exit
Trump’s Messaging Blitz Divides Advisers as Iran Talks Waver
The Yuri, carrying 2 million barrels of crude loaded from Kharg Island, re-appeared on ship-tracking platforms Kpler and Vortexa off Sirri Island earlier this week, after having stopped signaling its location for days. The tanker, which began heading toward Hormuz late Thursday, came to a stop near Larak Island, ship tracking data show.
The pause suggests a wariness of trying to break through a US blockade on Iran’s shipping.
Listen to the Bloomberg Daybreak Europe podcast on Apple, Spotify or anywhere you listen.
American forces intercepted two Iranian oil tankers earlier this week, while the US Central Command said in a social-media post that 33 vessels had been redirected since the start of its blockade.
Iran has also been seeking to strengthen its grip on the Strait of Hormuz, shooting at commercial ships and seizing at least two vessels in the world’s key oil channel. The double blockade has seen attempted transits plunge.
A bulk carrier that delivered food to Iran was observed sailing near Yuri heading toward Hormuz on Thursday, but it then made a U-turn in the strait and is now heading back into the Persian Gulf. Several hours before, a container ship that had departed from Bandar Abbas, an Iranian port city in the strait, was seen sailing south into the Gulf of Oman. The vessel had entered the strait four days ago.
Yuri was sanctioned by the US in 2024 for being involved in Iran’s petroleum exports. There were no contact details listed for the ship’s unidentified manager or owner on maritime database Equasis.
Meanwhile, another US-sanctioned supertanker has reappeared on tracking platforms in the Strait of Malacca near Singapore, laden with crude and not indicating a clear destination.
The Iranian-flagged Helm loaded from Kharg Island in late March and was estimated to have crossed the Strait of Hormuz in early April, with its transponder turned off. Bloomberg News couldn’t immediately determine if the supertanker had managed to sail out from the Gulf of Oman before the US blockade started on April 13.
(Updates with the ship’s halted transit from first paragraph.)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
‘I Have Half of MAGA’: The Republican Challenging Trump From Within
United’s CEO Is Here to Buy Your Struggling Airline
AI Startup Has Helped Reverse Thousands of Denied Health Insurance Claims
QVC Lost the Home Shoppers to Social Media Influencers
Three Bedrooms for €60 Million Shows Monaco’s Dirty Money Headache
©2026 Bloomberg L.P.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio