Title: This Tech Company Is a Top AI Stock on Robinhood. I Still Can't Convince Myself to Buy It.
Date: 2026-04-24 10:35
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/24/tech-company-top-ai-stock-on-robinhood-cant-buy/?.tsrc=rss

Palantir's success over the past few years is undeniable, but this one's not for me.
Popular stock trading app Robinhood keeps a list of the top stocks its users buy and sell, and it's probably no surprise that tech companies, and especially a handful of artificial intelligence (AI) companies, are among the top 10 on the list.
Amid some of the more established companies, like Apple and Tesla, there are also smaller companies that are making big waves in AI, including Palantir Technologies (PLTR +1.13%).
Palantir has rocketed over 1,600% over the past three years alone, but I still can't convince myself that I should own it. Here's why.
Image source: Getty Images.
Palantir went public just five years ago and mostly focused on providing data analytics software for government agencies. One of its core offerings is the company's Gotham software, which helps the U.S. government and agencies with logistics and even battlefield decisions.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends at 9 AM EST on 4/30/2026.
But over the past few years, the company has expanded its product line to include more commercial data analytics software. As of its Q4 2025, about 44% of its U.S. revenue comes from commercial sales, with the rest mostly coming from government contracts.
When ChatGPT debuted in 2022 and every tech company began pivoting toward AI, Palantir was essentially already there. The company already had a massive data analysis system in place that naturally fit into an AI-focused world. Companies and the government could pair their proprietary data with an AI large language model, making Palantir's products even more useful.
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name. 
The result was that, in a few short years, the company has expanded its commercial customer count to 571, achieved full-year generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) profitability just three years after becoming publicly traded, and benefited from an explosion of AI interest.
From 2022 to 2025, Palantir's sales rose from $1.9 billion to nearly $4.5 billion, and its net income jumped from a loss of $373 million in 2022 to $1.6 billion.
No wonder investors bought up the stock quickly.
I believe there are some political reasons why some investors may not want to own Palantir stock, and I think those are legitimate, especially given that every investor gets to decide which companies they feel comfortable owning and which ones they don't.
And some investors may be adding additional momentum to the company's share price partially for political reasons as well. But I'm not here to dip into either side of the political argument.
I just think Palantir stock is too darn expensive.
This isn't a new hot take, but I think it's worth reminding potential investors who may have forgotten that Palantir's stock currently has a forward price-to-earnings ratio of 113.
Even by today's high-flying valuations thanks to AI stocks, that's expensive.
I understand that some companies are in a unique position to continue growing, and there are plenty of analysts who believe Palantir is one of them. A recent Morningstar article said Palantir is America's AI operating system, and "we don't see a clear competitor." Most analysts covering the stock have a buy rating on it with an average price target of about $186, indicating significant upside from its current share price of around $146 (as of this writing).
But I can't do it.
Maybe I'm being too conservative, but I think Palantir's high valuation, paired with the current volatility among many tech stocks, has me wondering where its stock is headed. Its shares are down 18% over the past six months, compared to the S&P 500's 6.5% gains.
The company's products are clearly in demand, and it has carved out a niche with them and has put its sales and earnings on a growth path. But investors have clearly priced in some of the company's biggest growth catalysts, and it could be difficult for Palantir to live up to the high expectations investors are placing on the stock.
Before you buy stock in Palantir Technologies, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Palantir Technologies wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $500,572!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,223,900!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 967% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 199% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 24, 2026. 
Chris Neiger has positions in Apple. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Apple, Palantir Technologies, and Tesla. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 18 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 18 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends at 9 AM EST on 4/30/2026.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
*Returns as of April 24, 2026.