Title: Gary Black Says Tesla's 8-Week Slide Driven By 'Disappointing' Deliveries, Robotaxi Doubts: 'EVs Still Comprise 70%...'
Date: 2026-04-11 19:31
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/gary-black-says-teslas-8-193109616.html?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride.
Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started.
Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks
Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg)
Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week
Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be.
Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher
Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO
What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings
The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey.
Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026.
Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains.
Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire
US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October.
US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge
Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite
Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now
Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation.
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian.
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
InvestorGary Black, who is a managing partner atThe Future Fund LLC, has outlined his take on whyTesla, Inc.has been declining for the past eight weeks.
On Thursday, the investor shared why he thought TSLA stock was on the decline in a post on the social media platform X. He said the stock was declining after analysts cut earnings estimates following the automaker’s “disappointing” first-quarter 2026 delivery figures.
“TSLA P/E being re-rated down as investors question whether TSLA can scale its robotaxi business,” Black said in the post, sharing that the Robotaxi business was the “primary driver of its 2026 P/E of 180x.” The investor also compared Tesla’s P/E with other Magnificent 7 companies likeApple Inc.,Microsoft Corp.,Amazon.com Inc.and more, all of which have a P/E of under 30x.
Don't Miss:
A single bad hire can set a startup back years. Here are the 5 hires founders most often misjudge — and why
Experts say these common ETF pitfalls can catch new investors off guard
He then said that investors in the EV giant were “deluding themselves” into thinking that Tesla was “on the verge of solving for generalized unsupervised autonomy,” and that P/E ratios and delivery figures do not matter. “EVs still comprise 70% of Tesla profits,” the investor said.
The investor then said that he believed Tesla had the “best full self driving product on the market,” but lamented the lack of marketing, which held back its awareness among consumers. Full Self-Driving (FSD) would remain a “niche product” until the automaker “changes its strategy of using X promoters and word of mouth,” he said.
Black has, in the past, questioned Tesla’s marketing strategy, urging the automaker to market its products better, suggesting the automaker take a page out ofApple’s marketing strategy.
Reasons$TSLAis headed for an eighth straight week of stock price declines: 1/ FY2026-2030 earnings estimates continue to fall as analysts cut EV delivery ests following the disappointing 1Q delivery results. 2/ TSLA P/E being re-rated down as investors question whether TSLA…
— Gary Black (@garyblack00)April 9, 2026
Trending:Avoid the #1 Investing Mistake: How Your ‘Safe' Holdings Could Be Costing You Big Time
TheElon Musk-led EV giant is reportedly working on introducing two new models in the company’s lineup, with one of the models being targeted towards the affordable EV segment. The unnamed model will likely be produced in China and Tesla also has plans to introduce it in Europe and the U.S.
Meanwhile, Musk had earlier teased apossible 7-seater vehiclebeing developed at Tesla via a series of cryptic social media posts. What cemented Musk’s claims further was a frame spotted at Tesla’s Gigafactory in Texas, which boasted enhanced space in the back and cutouts for large windows.
Tesla delivered over 358,000 units during the first quarter of 2026, but the automaker produced close to 408,000 units during the same period. This gap between units sold and units produced could paint a troubling picture for the automaker, illustrating a surplus of more than 50,000 Tesla vehicles sitting unsold in the company's lots, which is a new record that exceeded Q1 2024's figure of 46,500 units.
Read Next:
Skip the Regrets: The Essential Retirement Tips Experts Wish Everyone Knew Earlier.
Thinking about ETFs? See what investment risks you should be aware of before you buy.
Photo courtesy: Tada Images / Shutterstock
UNLOCKED: 5 NEW TRADES EVERY WEEK.Click now to get top trade ideas daily, plus unlimited access to cutting-edge tools and strategies to gain an edge in the markets.
Get the latest stock analysis from Benzinga:
APPLE (AAPL): Free Stock Analysis Report
TESLA (TSLA): Free Stock Analysis Report
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio