Title: 2.5 Billion Reasons Apple Might Be the Best Artificial Intelligence (AI) Stock to Buy Today
Date: 2026-04-11 21:39
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/11/25-billion-reasons-apple-might-be-the-best-ai-buy/?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Apple may not be falling behind in AI after all.
Apple(AAPL0.01%)is no longer the most valuable company in the world, a title it held for quite some time before being displaced byNvidialast year. However, it's still a global tech leader, and even though it's not at the forefront ofartificial intelligence(AI), it has an edge in the space. Here's why.
Image source: Apple.
In the fiscal 2026 first quarter (ended Jan. 25) report, CEO Tim Cook said thatApple now has 2.5 billion active devices. Cook said it's "a testament to incredible customer satisfaction for the very best products and services in the world."
Apple provides this "installed user base" with access to AI, giving it high exposure to AI engagement. Apple fans expect to find and use Apple intelligence on their devices, and the company has released a slew of exclusive AI services included with new iPhones, as well as some older versions that have enough processing power.
The market had been disappointed with advances in Apple Intelligence last year, since it didn't appear that the company was keeping up with its mega-tech peers likeAmazon,Alphabet(GOOG0.20%)(GOOGL0.41%),Microsoft, andMeta Platforms. These companies are all developing their own large language models (LLMs), and the market has been anticipating Apple's entry into deeper AI.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
While the market soured on Apple's delayed AI, its AI peers have announced ever-increasing investments in their platforms. With Amazon's capex expected at $200 billion in 2026 alone, the market is starting to see the wisdom of Apple's approach. Apple recently announced a deal with Alphabet to use its Gemini LLM to drive its own foundation models for the Apple Intelligence platform, and it's going to launch an updated Siri in the coming months. It's reportedly going to pay Alphabet $1 billion annually for the use of the LLM, a fraction of what its competitors are investing in AI.
Apple has a lead in hardware, and the Apple Intelligence platform integrates into the unmatched Apple ecosystem, led by the iPhone. iPhone sales increased a fantastic 23% year over year in the first quarter, reassuring investors that it still has loads of loyal fans, and total sales increased 16%, demonstrating that Apple is still in its prime. Despite what had been perceived as a lag in AI, fans were clearly satisfied with whatever features Apple had packed in.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all,Stock Advisor’stotal average return is968%*— a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy right now,available when you joinStock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.
Put another way, users prize Apple's other features more than whatever it doesn't have -- yet -- in AI. As it builds up its own AI business and expands its user base, Apple might be better positioned than any other AI company to benefit from advances.
Nvidia’s CEO just revealed that one breakthrough could create more millionaires in the next five years than the internet did in two decades.
Amazon’s Jeff Bezos says it is “hard to overstate the impact.” And Cathie Wood projects AI could be an $80 trillion opportunity by 2030. That is theequivalent of 18 Nvidias, 29 Microsofts, or 35 Amazons.
But here’s what most investors miss: almost all that growth runs through a single choke point. One little-known company, called an “Indispensable Monopoly,” provides the critical technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size. We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name.
Continue ›
Jennifer Saibilhas positions in Apple. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Alphabet, Amazon, Apple, Meta Platforms, Microsoft, and Nvidia and is short shares of Apple. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over35 Amazons.
What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Top 10 Stocks to Buy Now&OurLimited-Time4-StockRule BreakersReport
*$199 for two years is a promotional price for new members only. 67% discount based on the current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/yr. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 13, 2026 at 11:59 pm PST.**Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.