Title: AFRC hits PwC with $38.3m fine and curbs over Evergrande audits
Date: 2026-04-24 14:17
URL: https://www.theaccountant-online.com/news/afrc-hits-pwc-with-38-3m-fine-and-curbs-over-evergrande-audits/?.tsrc=rss

The regulator also imposed a six-month ban on PwC from taking new PIE audit work.
The Accounting and Financial Reporting Council (AFRC) in Hong Kong has ordered PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) to pay a HK$300m ($38.3m) penalty over failures linked to its audits of China Evergrande Group.
The watchdog said PwC’s audit work contained serious shortcomings that enabled “material misstatements” in the property developer’s accounts to remain unchallenged.

                                The gold standard of business intelligence.
                            

                                    Find out more
                                    





            Experience unmatched clarity with a single platform that combines unique data, AI, and human expertise.
        


                Find out more
                








In its disciplinary decision, the AFRC also issued a public reprimand against the company and two former partners, Cheung Siu Cheong and Chow Sai Keung.
Each of the two ex-partners has been fined HK$5m.
Alongside the financial sanctions, the regulator has imposed a six‑month restriction on PwC from taking on new public interest entity (PIE) audit mandates.
PwC must also implement remedial measures and provide progress reports to the AFRC for 12 months, with updates required at intervals of no more than three months. The company was also directed to arrange additional staff training.
The case centres on PwC’s audits of Evergrande’s consolidated financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 2020.
It also covers the 2020 audits of Evergrande Property Services Group and China Evergrande New Energy Vehicle Group.
PwC had been Evergrande’s group auditor from the company’s listing in 2009 until early 2023.
According to the AFRC, PwC “failed to exercise professional scepticism” in the face of heightened risks and did not obtain “sufficient appropriate audit evidence” in key areas.
The regulator further concluded that there had been a “significant loss of audit independence”.
The AFRC found that PwC’s audit team disregarded evidence from its own site inspections showing some properties were still under construction, while accepting the group’s records that the properties were completed and ready for handover.
The decision also stated that PwC knowingly permitted unsupported consolidation adjustments, which the AFRC described as “unjustified accounting entries”, even though the engagement team knew of management’s intention to hit profit targets.
The AFRC said PwC went further by helping to prepare financial statements used for consolidation, effectively taking on management’s responsibilities and placing itself in a position where it was “auditing its own work”.
According to the regulator, these failings contributed to Evergrande recognising revenue too early, overstating profits and misstating major asset balances.
Those asset categories were reported at 1.33tn yuan ($190bn) for 2019 and 1.41tn yuan for 2020, representing around 60% and 61% of the group’s total assets for the respective years.

                The gold standard of business intelligence.
            


                    Find out more
                    





            Experience unmatched clarity with a single platform that combines unique data, AI, and human expertise.
        


                Find out more
                








Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights.
Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. 





                                                                                                                                International Accounting Bulletin In Brief                                                                                                                         






                                                    I consent to Verdict Media Limited collecting my details provided via this form in accordance with  Privacy Policy


View all newsletters from across the GlobalData Media network.

		The leading site for news and procurement in The Accountant Online

				Powered by
				

© GlobalData Plc 2026
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.