Title: Wall Street Banks Try Out Anthropic’s Mythos as US Urges
Date: 2026-04-10 21:58
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/wall-street-banks-try-anthropic-203030964.html?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride.
Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started.
Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks
Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg)
Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week
Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be.
Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher
Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO
What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings
The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey.
Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026.
Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains.
Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire
US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October.
US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge
Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite
Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now
Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation.
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian.
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
(Bloomberg) -- Wall Street banks are starting to test Anthropic PBC’s Mythos model internally as Trump administration officials encourage them to use it to detect vulnerabilities.
While JPMorgan Chase & Co. was the only bank named as part of an initiative to test the Mythos model, other major financial institutions have also gained access or expect to in the coming days, according to people familiar with the matter.
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Citigroup Inc., Bank of America Corp. and Morgan Stanley are among the banks testing the technology internally, the people said. Those firms either declined to comment or had no immediate response.
During a meeting this week with Wall Street leaders, summoned by US Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent and Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell, executives were warned that they should take the Mythos model seriously and deploy its capabilities to detect vulnerabilities, the people said, asking not to be identified because the information isn’t public.
Government officials didn’t raise any specific threat to financial institutions and more generally encouraged the banks to run the model against their own systems to improve their own defenses, they said.
Bloomberg reported earlier that Bessent and Powell had assembled the group of banking executives on April 7 at Treasury’s headquarters in Washington on short notice to ensure that banks were aware of possible risks raised by Anthropic’s Mythos and similar models. The executives were in town already for a meeting of the Financial Services Forum, an advocacy group made up of the biggest lenders.
A representative from the Treasury Department didn’t respond to a request for comment. A Federal Reserve spokesperson declined to comment.
The urging by Trump officials underscores the concern growing among regulators that a new breed of cyberattacks is one of the biggest risks facing the financial industry. All the banks summoned to the meeting are classified as systemically important by top regulators, meaning their stability is a priority for the global financial system.
Anthropic has said that it has been in discussions prior to its recent release with US officials about Mythos and its “offensive and defensive cyber capabilities.”
The company has limited the release of Mythos to a few dozen firms initially. Those companies, which include JPMorgan, Amazon.com Inc. and Apple Inc., are part of what’s being called “Project Glasswing,” which will work to secure the most important systems before other similar AI models become available.
In releasing Mythos to a very limited set of companies, Anthropic pointed to several vulnerabilities that the AI system was capable of both identifying and potentially exploiting during testing. None of the examples related specifically to financial institutions, but in one instance, the firm’s security team said it was able to compromise a web browser so that a website set up by a hacker could read data from another website “e.g., the victim’s bank.”
Mythos Preview “fully autonomously discovered” a way of reading information stored in “multiple different web browsers” and then used that ability to find ways to exploit them, according to a post from Anthropic’s security team.
In one case, Anthropic said, Mythos found a means of exploiting web browsers that utilized multiple vulnerabilities. That tactic often represents a challenge for human hackers who struggle to find and exploit multiple flaws at once. So-called vulnerability chains can serve as pathways into otherwise highly secure systems, such as in the Stuxnet hack that damaged centrifuges at an Iranian nuclear facility.
Anthropic has separately been battling the Trump administration in court. The Pentagon had labeled the company as a supply-chain risk, a designation that Anthropic has opposed. Earlier this week, a federal appeals court declined, at least for now, Anthropic’s request that it put a pause to the Pentagon’s designation.
National Economic Council Director Kevin Hassett said during an interview with Fox News that there’s a sense of urgency as US officials push banks to improve their digital defenses with AI technology.
“It was appropriate that Secretary Bessent do what he did,” he said of the meeting with Wall Street leaders.
“We’re taking every step we can to make sure that everybody is safe from these potential risks, including Anthropic agreeing to hold back the public release of the model until our officials have figured everything out,” he said.
In recent years, regulators have required banks to hold some capital tied to the potential for cyberattacks, as well as other so-called operational risks such as lawsuits and rogue employees. Banks have sometimes chafed at those requirements, given that operational risk is more difficult to measure than the market and credit risks that also factor into banks’ capital levels.
--With assistance from Katanga Johnson, Katherine Doherty and Hannah Levitt.
(Updates with Fed declining to comment in seventh paragraph.)
More stories like this are available onbloomberg.com
©2026 Bloomberg L.P.
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio