Title: Antero Resources Q1 Earnings Miss Estimates, Revenues Increase Y_Y
Date: 2026-04-30 16:54
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/energy/articles/antero-resources-q1-earnings-miss-165400827.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
Powell holds what is expected to be his final press conference as chair after the Fed keeps rates steady
Fed holds interest rates steady with no end to Iran war in sight
Elon Musk testified again in the OpenAI trial, describing his behavior at the company and its nonprofit 'halo'
A Senate committee confirmed Kevin Warsh, sending his nomination to be chairman of the Fed to the full Senate
Stocks slipped at the open as investors awaited a Fed decision and Big Tech earnings
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Antero Resources AR, a leading natural gas producer, reported first-quarter 2026 adjusted earnings of $1.15 per share, which missed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $1.22. The bottom line improved from the year-ago quarter’s level of 78 cents.
Total quarterly revenues of $1,945 million beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $1,669 million. The top line increased from the year-ago figure of $1,353 million.
The lower-than-expected quarterly earnings can be attributed to lower oil and C2 Ethane production and higher operating expenses. Higher natural gas production partially offset the negatives.
Antero Resources Corporation price-consensus-eps-surprise-chart | Antero Resources Corporation Quote
Total production in the first quarter was 347 billion cubic feet equivalent (Bcfe), an increase from 306 Bcfe recorded a year ago. The figure beat our estimate of 341 Bcfe.
Natural gas production (accounting for 68% of the total production) was 236 billion cubic feet equivalent (Bcf), up 21% from 195 Bcf recorded a year ago. Our estimate for the same was pinned at 230 Bcf.
Oil production in the first quarter amounted to 816 thousand barrels (MBbls), down 4% from 852 MBbls registered in the year-ago period. Our estimate for the same was pegged at 587 MBbls.
Antero Resources reported production of 6,836 MBbls of C2 Ethane, down 8% from the year-ago quarter’s recorded figure of 7,442 MBbls. Production of 10,872 MBbls of C3+ NGLs was 6% higher than the 10,229 MBbls registered a year ago.
Weighted natural-gas-equivalent price realization in the quarter was $5.37 per thousand cubic feet equivalent (Mcfe), higher than the year-ago quarter’s figure of $4.55.
Realized prices for natural gas increased 39% to $5.57 per Mcf from $4.01 recorded a year ago.
The company’s oil price realization in the quarter was $57.22 per barrel (Bbl), lower than the $59.08 recorded a year ago.
The realized price for C3+ NGLs declined to $37.83 per Bbl from $45.65 reported a year ago. However, the realized price for C2 Ethane increased to $13.51 per Bbl from $12.70 in the year-ago quarter.
Total operating expenses increased to $1,216 million from $1,081 million in the year-ago period.
Average lease operating costs were 13 cents per Mcfe, higher than the 11 cents reported in the year-ago quarter. Gathering and compression costs were 78 cents per Mcfe, 1% higher than the prior-year recorded number.
Transportation expenses rose 3% year over year to 67 cents per Mcfe, while processing costs declined 2% to 83 cents per Mcfe. Production and ad valorem taxes were 23 cents per Mcfe, which is 28% higher than the prior-year figure.
In the first quarter, Antero Resources spent $222 million on drilling and completion operations. As of March 31, 2026, the company had a long-term debt of $2.7 billion.
Antero Resources expects production in the second quarter of 2026 to average 4.1 Bcfe/d. For 2026, net production is expected to come in at 4.1 Bcfe/d. The company projects modest production increases beginning in the second quarter, driven by contributions from HG Energy. The company has raised its ethane realized price premium to Mont Belvieu to a range of $2.00 to $3.00 per barrel, indicating a $1.00 increase in the midpoint compared to prior guidance. At the same time, it has lowered its cash production expense outlook to $2.25-$2.35 per Mcfe, which is a $0.10 per Mcfe reduction at the midpoint.
AR currently sports a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy).
Some other top-ranked stocks from the energy sector are Chevron Corporation CVX, BP plc BP and Eni S.p.A. E. While Chevron and Eni eachsport a Zacks Rank #1, BP has a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy) at present. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here.
Chevron is an integrated energy giant involved in exploration, production, refining and marketing. As one of the world's largest integrated energy firms, it operates globally with assets in North America, Kazakhstan, Australia, Nigeria and many other countries.
In the United States, CVX maintains a strong presence in the Permian Basin, with more than 1.75 million net acres in the Delaware and Midland sub-basins. With sustained future demand for oil and gas, Chevron is positioning itself as a key provider by expanding its oil and gas supply to fulfill the rising global energy needs. CVX is set to release first-quarter 2026 earnings on May 1, 2026.
BP reported first-quarter 2026 earnings of $1.24 per American Depositary Share, which beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 91 cents.
As of March 31, 2026, BP reported $35.7 million in cash and cash equivalents. At the quarter's end, its long-term debt amounted to $25.3 billion.
Eni reported first-quarter 2026 adjusted earnings from continuing operations of 81 cents per American Depository Receipt, which missed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $1.13.
As of March 31, 2026, E had a long-term debt of €21.7 billion, and cash and cash equivalents of €8.3 billion.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
BP p.l.c. (BP) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Chevron Corporation (CVX) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Eni SpA (E) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Antero Resources Corporation (AR) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio