Title: Delta hikes its baggage fees to offset rising jet fuel costs
Date: 2026-04-07 20:05 UTC
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/delta-hikes-its-baggage-fees-to-offset-rising-jet-fuel-costs-200500253.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Delta Air Lines ( DAL ) — alongside competitors United Airlines ( UAL ) and JetBlue Airways ( JBLU ) — is hiking baggage its baggage fees to offset rising jet fuel costs.

Yahoo Finance Senior Reporter Pras Subramanian breaks down the new airline rules and policies.

Delta is the latest airline to hike its baggage fees as they deal with rising fuel costs. Joining us now is our very own Pras Subramanian. Pras, great to see you here. So give us the scoop. So check baggage fees, it's been a while, but they're going up again.

Yeah, you know, it's be more gouging in the industry, Jerry, do you see for the fees for Delta, the first check bag will rise $10 to 45 bucks. The second bag will rise $10 again to 55 bucks. And then the third bag, if you're so lucky to do so, have a third bag you're checking in, will now cost $200, a $50 increase, right? So Delta says the first hike in two years like you mentioned, it's been a while, but you know, it follows United and Jet Blue doing the same thing. You know, this as fuel costs go up, they want to find ways to get get some of those back with surcharges, things like that. So I think the concern here, Jerry, is I think it's going to make more people bring bags on board, right? That's not that's not good. It's going to make, you know, boarding and and disembarking kind of a a painful process, but it seems that's what airlines want these days.

Yeah, even more so. Uh another story here kind of related. So this is from Southwest Airlines. They're also making adjustments but on how many lithium portable chargers are allowed per passenger and I know this comes after some high profile fire risks that have emerged on planes from these power packs.

Yeah, I mean, I guess it in this it struck me as a little of a strange one here. So, you know, they're only going to allow only one portable battery charger, I guess, per per passenger. and this has to be stored near the passenger, not an overhead compa overhead cabin where you can't keep a an eye on it. So this is definitely a legit uh safety risk and they're getting ahead of that. But I mean, Jared, like who has two or three battery chargers anyway? I mean,

You've never traveled with me, Pras.

What's that?

You've never traveled with me, Pras.

I know you and I are big nerds, so maybe that maybe they are targeting us. I'm not sure.
