Title: Delta hikes bag fees, following United and JetBlue
Date: 2026-04-07 14:36 UTC
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/article/delta-hikes-bag-fees-following-united-and-jetblue-143645137.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Count Delta Air Lines ( DAL ) as the latest airline to hit flyers with new bag fees, and just as jet fuel prices bite.

Delta announced fees for a first checked bag will rise by $10 to $45, while the second bag will climb by $10 to $55. The steepest jump hits travelers checking a third bag, which will now cost $200 — a $50 increase. New fees will take effect for tickets purchased on or after April 8, 2026, marking the airline's first domestic baggage fee increase in two years.

How do fuel costs impact airline profits?

What are Delta's new baggage fees?

Which passengers are exempt from Delta baggage fees?

Why is Delta raising baggage fees now?

In a statement, Delta framed the move as a reaction to the evolving business landscape. "These updates are part of Delta's ongoing review of pricing across its business and reflect the impact of evolving global conditions and industry dynamics," a Delta spokesperson said.

Read more: Your flight is about to get more expensive. These tips could save you .

Delta’s baggage fee hike follows those of United Airlines ( UAL ) and JetBlue ( JBLU ), which raised their own baggage fees earlier this year, signaling an industry-wide shift as carriers look to offset rising operational costs amid ongoing economic pressures.

Read more: Best travel credit cards for April 2026: Earn free flights, hotel stays, and more

Rising jet fuel prices are slicing to airline’s profit margins, which are generally already thin. Delta’s and United’s CEOs both said last month that soaring fuel prices have already hit the companies with hundreds of millions of extra costs compared to a year ago.

Delta’s new fee increases do not apply to long-haul international routes. Travelers who hold Delta SkyMiles Medallion status, fly in premium cabins — including First Class, Delta Premium Select, and Delta One — or carry eligible co-branded Delta SkyMiles American Express Cards will still get complimentary checked bags for free.

Delta will have more to say about fees, rising fuel costs, and its impact on financial performance when the company reports earnings before the bell on Wednesday.

Pras Subramanian is the Lead Transportation Reporter for Yahoo Finance. You can follow him on X and on Instagram .

Click here for the latest technology news that will impact the stock market

Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
