Title:   Pfizer beats Q1 revenue and profit estimates, reaffirms 2026 guidance
Date:    2026-05-05 16-41
URL:     https://www.proactiveinvestors.com/companies/news/1091752/pfizer-beats-q1-revenue-and-profit-estimates-reaffirms-2026-guidance-1091752.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: Pharma & Biotech Gold & Silver Crypto Battery Metals Artificial Intelligence The content on this Site is provided for information purposes only and does not constitute investment advice, a personal recommendation, an offer or solicitation to buy or sell securities, or any other regulated activity. It should not be relied upon as the basis for any investment decision. Before making any investment decision, you should: Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future results. The value of investments can fall as well as rise. You may not recover the amount you invest, and in some cases you may be required to pay more. Angela Harmantas is an Editor at Proactive. She has over 15 years of experience covering the equity markets in North America, with a particular focus on junior resource stocks. Angela has reported from numerous countries around the world, including Canada, the US, Australia, Brazil, Ghana, and South Africa for leading trade publications. Previously, she worked in investor relations and led the foreign direct investment program in Canada for the Swedish government. She earned a Bachelor of... Read more Proactive financial news and online broadcast teams provide fast, accessible, informative and actionable business and finance news content to a global investment audience. All our content is produced independently by our experienced and qualified teams of news journalists. Proactive news team spans the world’s key finance and investing hubs with bureaus and studios in London, New York, Toronto, Vancouver, Sydney and Perth.  We are experts in medium and small-cap markets, we also keep our community up to date with blue-chip companies, commodities and broader investment stories. This is content that excites and engages motivated private investors. The team delivers news and unique insights across the market including but not confined to: biotech and pharma, mining and natural resources, battery metals, oil and gas, crypto and emerging digital and EV technologies. Proactive has always been a forward looking and enthusiastic technology adopter. Our human content creators are equipped with many decades of valuable expertise and experience. The team also has access to and use technologies to assist and enhance workflows. Proactive will on occasion use automation and software tools, including generative AI. Nevertheless, all content published by Proactive is edited and authored by humans, in line with best practice in regard to content production and search engine optimisation. 
Published: 12:41 05 May 2026 EDT
   Pfizer Inc (NYSE:PFE, XETRA:PFE) reported first-quarter 2026 revenue and adjusted profit above Wall Street expectations on Tuesday, driven by strong growth in its launched and acquired products, as the drugmaker reaffirmed its full-year financial outlook. The pharmaceutical giant posted revenue of $14.5 billion for the quarter ended March 31, up 5% from a year earlier and ahead of analyst estimates of $13.84 billion. Adjusted earnings per share came in at $0.75, topping the consensus estimate of $0.72. Excluding Comirnaty, its COVID-19 vaccine, and Paxlovid, its antiviral treatment, revenue rose 7% on an operational basis, underscoring the company's push to diversify beyond its pandemic-era products. Revenue from launched and acquired products climbed 22% operationally year over year. Several key products posted double-digit growth in the quarter. Cancer drug Padcev rose 39% operationally, oncology biosimilars surged 52%, migraine treatment Nurtec ODT/Vydura gained 41%, and lung cancer medication Lorbrena climbed 32%. Eliquis, the blood thinner co-marketed with Bristol-Myers Squibb, rose 8% operationally, while the Vyndaqel family of heart disease drugs grew 4%. Abrysvo, Pfizer's respiratory syncytial virus vaccine, advanced 31%, and rheumatoid arthritis drug Xeljanz increased 34%. In contrast, Comirnaty revenue fell 59% operationally and Paxlovid dropped 63%, continuing their retreat from pandemic-era peaks. Adjusted income for the quarter was $4.29 billion, down 18% from a year ago, as adjusted cost of sales rose 31% and adjusted research and development expenses increased 12% year over year. On the pipeline front, Pfizer said it remains on track to initiate approximately 20 key pivotal studies in 2026, with the company citing encouraging progress in oncology and obesity. Pfizer reaffirmed its full-year 2026 revenue guidance of $59.5 billion to $62.5 billion and adjusted EPS of $2.80 to $3, compared with analyst estimates of $2.96. Pfizer shares were down approximately 0.9% in Tuesday trading. Sign up to receive alerts and news direct to your inbox Pinnacle Silver and Gold CEO Robert Archer joined Steve Darling from Proactive to provide an update on the company’s high-grade El Potrero gold-silver property in Durango, Mexico, announcing that rehabilitation work and drill station preparation within the historic underground mine network have... © Proactive Group Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Market Indices, Commodities and Regulatory News Headlines copyright © Morningstar. Data delayed 15 minutes unless otherwise indicated. Terms of use.
