Title: How to Play Goldman Stock Ahead of Its Q1 Earnings Release?
Date: 2026-04-09 14:59
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/play-goldman-stock-ahead-q1-135900094.html?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian.
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.GS is scheduled to release first-quarter 2026 earnings on April 13, 2026, before the opening bell.
GS’s 2025 performance was impressive, driven by strong investment banking (IB) and trading, and solid revenue growth in the Global Banking & Markets, and Asset & Wealth Management divisions. However, the overall quarterly results were tempered by elevated operating expenses.
Goldman has a strong history of earnings surprises. The company’s earnings outpaced the Zacks Consensus Estimate in the trailing four quarters, with an average earnings surprise of 14.02%.
Earnings Surprise History
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Let us see how GS is expected to fare in terms of revenues and earnings this time around.
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for first-quarter 2026 revenues is pegged at $17.01 billion, calling for a 12.9% rise from the year-ago quarter's reported figure.
In the past seven days, the consensus estimate for quarterly earnings has been unchanged at $16.48 per share. The projection suggests an increase of 16.7% from the year-ago quarter's reported figure.
Estimate Revision Trend
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Market-Making Revenues:The first quarter saw solid client activities and market volatility. Major factors that influenced trading business in the quarter included shifting expectations around artificial intelligence (AI), rising geopolitical tensions, particularly concerns over the Middle East, persistent inflation concerns and uncertainty around the Fed’s monetary policy stance. Additionally, volatility was high in equity markets and other asset classes, including commodities, bonds and foreign exchange. Therefore, Goldman's market-making revenues are likely to have witnessed a rise in the quarter to be reported.
IB Fees:Deal-making activity was impressive in the first quarter of 2026, despite the Middle Eastern conflict and the ensuing uncertainty about its impact on the economy in the last month of the quarter. Though global mergers and acquisitions (M&As) volume declined year over year, deal value was up as big transactions dominated the space.   The quarter saw a rise in the deal value, driven by lower capital costs, and a focus on scale and AI integration. With the IB backlog at a four-year high and a leadership position, the company is likely to have witnessed higher advisory fees in the quarter to be reported.The initial public offering (IPO) market in the first quarter performed impressively, with issuance volume improving despite fewer companies getting listed. Also, global bond issuance volume was solid. As such, GS’s leadership position in worldwide announced and completed M&As, equity and equity-related offerings is likely to have provided it an edge over its peers, offering support to the company’s quarterly IB revenues.
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for IB revenues is pegged at $2.6 billion, suggesting a 33.1% rise from the year-ago quarter’s actual.
Net Interest Income (NII):Per the Fed’s latest data, the demand for overall loans was decent in the first two months of the quarter. This is likely to have aided Goldman's loan growth.
Also, the Fed kept interest rates steady in the first quarter of 2026. Hence, a decent lending scenario and stabilizing funding/deposit costs are likely to have supported GS’s NII in the first quarter.
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for NII is pegged at $3.7 billion, suggesting a 27.2% rise from the year-ago quarter’s actual.
Expenses:Goldman’s investments in technology and market development expenses for business expansion, along with a rise in transaction-based expenses due to higher client activities, are anticipated to have led to increased expenses in the to-be-reported quarter.
Our proven model conclusively predicts an earnings beat for GS this time. The combination of a positive Earnings ESP and Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), 2 (Buy) or 3 (Hold) increases the odds of an earnings beat. That is the case here, as you can see below.
Goldman has an Earnings ESP of +1.48%. You can uncover the best stocks to buy or sell before they are reported with our Earnings ESP Filter.
GS carries a Zacks Rank #3 at present. You can seethe complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here.
In the first quarter of 2026, Goldman's shares lost 3.7% compared with the industry’s decline of 8.6%. Its close peerJPMorganJPM andMorgan Stanley’s MS shares also plunged. JPMorgan shares fell 8.7% and Morgan Stanley declined 7.3%.
Price Performance
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Let us look at the value GS offers investors at the current levels.
Currently, Goldman is trading at 16.98X forward 12-month price/earnings (P/E). Meanwhile, the industry’s forward earnings multiple sits at 15.13X. The company’s valuation looks somewhat expensive compared with the industry average. Its peer, JPMorgan, is trading at a forward 12-month P/E of 13.95X, whereas Morgan Stanley is trading at 15.17X.
Price-to-Earnings F12M
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Goldman continues to streamline its operations by exiting underperforming, non-core consumer banking ventures and sharpening its focus on its core strengths, particularly its asset and wealth management businesses. This strategic shift is aimed at building a more stable and recurring revenue base.
A robust M&A environment and a healthy deal pipeline continue to support momentum in investment banking. Goldman’s expanding private credit and alternatives platform, rising assets under supervision, and firmwide AI transformation through initiatives like OneGS 3.0 position the company to improve efficiency, enhance client offerings and generate higher fee-based revenues.
The firm’s strong capital base, attractive dividend yield and active share-repurchase program further reinforce shareholder returns. Operational efficiency remains central to Goldman’s growth strategy. The company is making steady progress toward its mid-term targets of a 14-16% return on equity and a 60% efficiency ratio.
However, despite solid fundamentals and promising growth prospects, broader macroeconomic and policy trends that could materially shape the company’s performance trajectory should be carefully considered. Goldman’s stock is also currently trading at a premium relative to the industry average.
As such, investors looking to initiate a position in GS stock may benefit from waiting until after the quarterly earnings release for greater clarity and potentially a more attractive entry point. Existing shareholders can consider holding on to the stock, as its long-term outlook remains strong and it is unlikely to disappoint over time.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report
The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (GS) : Free Stock Analysis Report
JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Morgan Stanley (MS) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio