Title: Goldman vs. Evercore: Which IB Stock Has More Upside Potential?
Date: 2026-04-09 15:18
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/goldman-vs-evercore-ib-stock-141800712.html?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian.
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
The Goldman Sachs Group Inc.GS andEvercore Inc.EVR represent two distinct, top-tier investment banking (IB) models.  Goldman represents the scale and diversification of a bulge-bracket bank, while Evercore offers the high-margin, focused model of a boutique advisory firm.
Both have shown resilience as merger and acquisition (M&A) and initial public offering (IPO) activity recovered in 2024-2025. With the IB outlook turning brighter, the main question is which stock offers the better risk-reward from here: Goldman or Evercore? Let us decipher this.
Goldman continues to maintain its leadership position in global investment banking, particularly in M&A advisory, equity, and debt underwriting. Throughout 2025, Goldman’s IB division has capitalized on the resurgence in global deal-making, advising on more than $1.6 trillion in announced M&A volumes in 2025.
The company has seen high levels of client engagement across its IB business and expects the activity to accelerate in 2026. With the IB backlog at a four-year high, the company is well-positioned to benefit in the upcoming period.
Under CEO David Solomon, GS has embarked on a deliberate transformation to exit non-core consumer banking and double down on the divisions where Goldman maintains a clear competitive advantage. In sync with its restructuring efforts, in January 2026, Goldman signed an agreement to transition the Apple Card program and associated accounts to JPMorgan. The same month, GS acquired Industry Ventures to expand its exposure to the innovation economy and solidify its position in the global alternatives market. In December 2025, Goldman entered an agreement to acquire Innovator Capital Management. The deal will significantly expand Goldman’s active ETF capabilities and is part of a broader pivot toward building “durable revenue streams” through diversified asset management and wealth-management offerings. In November 2025, Goldman reached an agreement with ING Bank Slaski to divest its Polish asset management firm, TFI. The deal is targeted for completion in the first half of 2026. In the third quarter of 2025, Goldman completed the sale of its GM credit card business to Barclays.
The benefits of business restructuring began to show in the numbers. The Global Banking and Markets segment’s net revenues rose 18% year over year in 2025, whereas the AWM division’s net revenues rose 2%, reflecting growing fee income and strength in private credit. AWM division’s scale continues to expand. Total assets under supervision rose to a record $3.61 trillion in 2025.
Goldman is rolling out a firmwide AI transformation across trading, investment banking, asset management and internal operations to boost fee income and efficiency. Central to this are the OneGS 3.0 initiative and the GS AI Assistant, which embed AI into core workflows. OneGS 3.0 is a multi-year effort to make AI a core capability, focused on simplifying processes, improving productivity and enabling scalable growth through better data, shared platforms and modern infrastructure.
Evercore, though small in size, established itself as a significant player in the IB space. The company generates most of its revenues from the Investment Banking and Equities business (which constituted 97% of the total revenues in 2025). After subdued activity in 2022 and 2023, global M&As improved in 2024 and 2025 as both deal value and volume rose.
In 2025, M&A activity opened on an optimistic note, though sentiment briefly cooled, but rebounded as the year progressed. Looking ahead, transaction activity is expected to strengthen, supported by lower borrowing costs and increased focus on scale and AI integration. Investment Banking and Equities business witnessed a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 10.7% over the past five years (2020-2025).
Evercore is strengthening its IB business footprint by actively increasing staff. As of Dec. 31, 2025, the company employed more than 200 senior managing directors in the Investment Banking & Equities business. In February 2026, the company acquired U.K.-based independent advisory firm, Robey Warshaw. This will bolster the company’s presence across EMEA and broaden its sector and product coverage.
EVR’s efforts to boost its client base in advisory solutions, diversify revenue sources and expand geographically will likely support IB revenue growth.A small portion of Evercore’s business is wealth management. Though the division’s profitability has been hurt in recent years due to the disposal and restructuring of several related units, decent inflows, upbeat market performance and higher fees from clients are expected to offer some support.
In the past year, shares of Goldman and Evercore have surged 84.9% and 86.4%, respectively, compared with the industry’s growth of 48.1%.
Price Performance
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
In terms of valuation, Goldman is currently trading at a 12-month forward price-to-earnings (P/E) of 15.1X, higher than its five-year median of 10.8X. The EVR stock, alternatively, is currently trading at a 12-month forward P/E of 16.5X, which is higher than its five-year median of 12.9X. Both stocks are trading at a premium compared with the industry average of 12.8X. However, GS is cheaper than the EVR Stock.
Price-to-Earnings F12M
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Both companies regularly pay out dividends. GS has a dividend yield of 1.9%, whereas EVR has a dividend yield of 1%. Here also, Goldman holds an edge over Evercore.
Dividend Yield
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for GS’s 2026 and 2027 earnings indicates a year-over-year rise of 12.6% and 12.8%, respectively. Earnings estimates for both years have been revised upward over the past 30 days.
Estimate Revision Trend
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for EVR’s 2026 and 2027 earnings suggests a year-over-year jump of 27.2% and 25.5%, respectively. Earnings estimates for both years have been unchanged over the past 30 days.
Estimate Revision Trend
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
While both Goldman and Evercore are well-positioned to benefit from a continued M&A upcycle, GS offers the more compelling overall risk-reward profile at this stage.
Evercore’s focused advisory model, higher earnings growth outlook and strong positioning in high-margin M&A advisory make it an attractive pure-play on deal activity. However, this strength is already reflected in its relatively higher valuation and greater sensitivity to fluctuations in deal volumes.
Goldman, conversely, combines solid investment banking momentum with increasing diversification across trading, asset management and wealth management. Its ongoing strategic transformation, exiting lower-return businesses and scaling durable, fee-based revenue streams add resilience to earnings. At the same time, initiatives like firmwide AI integration and balance sheet optimization position Goldman for more consistent long-term growth.
Remarkably, Goldman trades at a relative valuation discount to Evercore, offers a higher dividend yield and benefits from multiple growth levers beyond just M&A. This provides a better cushion in case of cyclical volatility while still allowing meaningful upside if deal activity accelerates further.
At present, both Goldman and Evercore carry a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can seethe complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report
The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (GS) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Evercore Inc (EVR) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio