Title: Private Markets’ Software Pain Is About to Get a Lot Worse
Date: 2026-04-09 11:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/private-markets-software-pain-lot-100004986.html?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian.
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
(Bloomberg) -- The software problem roiling private markets is about to face a big new test. A wall of debt maturities is looming for the industry just as artificial intelligence threatens to upend entire businesses in what’s been dubbed the SaaSpocalypse.
More than $330 billion of high yield, leveraged loan and business development company-linked software and technology debt is coming due for repayment through 2028, a chunk of it tied to firms owned by private markets. As companies look to refinance in the coming months, they face numerous headwinds, from fears about AI devaluing or replacing their products to the risk of higher borrowing costs spurred by the war in the Middle East.
Some private credit funds are turning away software borrowers outright as they seek to shrink their exposure to the sector, according to people with knowledge of the matter. And a number of software company sales planned by private equity have already stalled.
“Software borrowers from private-credit funds are more highly leveraged and more dependent on future growth expectations than borrowers in other industries, making them more sensitive to adverse shocks,” according to researchers at MSCI Inc.
The following charts highlight the stress facing private equity and credit markets as their big bet on software sours.
Private market managers allocated hundreds of billions of dollars to software over the last 15 years, betting that software-as-a-service (SaaS) business models would generate high growth and reliable cashflows. That focus became increasingly concentrated during the period, with software and technology services accounting for about half of all private equity deals in recent years, far surpassing any other industry.
For almost two decades that concentration risk was justified by market-beating returns for funds that marketed themselves as investing in technology among other industries. In recent years, however, the premium has been shrinking as more and more funds piled into the industry.
Private markets accelerated their focus on software during the period of low interest rates that followed the pandemic. Valuations soared, culminating in a record amount of M&A in the industry by PE and venture firms in 2021. Those deals are now dragging down performance after a failure to hedge sent borrowing costs soaring and called marks into question.
At the same time, a rapid leap forward by AI tools over the last 18 months has made concentration on one industry look somewhat foolhardy. Many private market managers still reckon that those businesses will prove resilient.
Investors, however, are showing their concern: Many have been rushing for the exits from direct lending funds, leading managers to limit withdrawals from some semi-liquid vehicles. More broadly, valuations and debt pricing have been falling for companies that are heavily focused on software. In the leveraged loan market, the premium traditionally seen in technology loans has completely broken down this year.
That rising stress comes at just the wrong time for credit investors. Overall, more than $140 billion of technology company debt is maturing in 2028, which companies will probably start trying to refinance from the second half of this year.
The bulk of the maturity wall relates to loans originated during the pandemic era of cheap money, according to Citigroup Inc.’s Michael Anderson and Steph Choe. “The credit dates for a third of these loans are still 2021, meaning the issuer has not demonstrated capital market access in many years,” they wrote. “The average price of the 2021 vintage/2028 maturity is $83.40, signaling significant stress.”
The falling pricing for leveraged loans tied to software are a leading indicator for private credit, where marks can considerably lag public markets. Typically, when loan prices fall, a rising number of private credit borrowers subsequently face stress in the form of not earning enough to cover their interest costs.
As much as 15% of software direct lending could default in the coming years, Marathon Asset Management LP Chairman Bruce Richards said this week. Others are less concerned. While many private credit managers have as much as 30% of portfolios exposed to software and tech, their lending is usually at the top of the capital structure and relatively insulated from restructurings, according to Vivek Bantwal, global co-head of private credit at Goldman Sachs Asset Management LP.
For business development companies, which lend to small and mid-size firms, a big test is coming even sooner than the 2028-maturity wave. More than $31 billion in debt tied to the software sector is coming due this year.
As the cost of credit increases, “higher interest expenses will hurt” weaker firms, meaning they will require additional equity from sponsors, said Ron Kahn, co-head of global valuations and opinions at adviser Lincoln International.
Some PE managers will examine selling portfolio firms in the hope that they can achieve a price that repays the debt, he said, while in other cases “private credit and private equity will kick the can down the road. The lender will get higher pricing and the company has time to rightsize itself.”
One fear for watchdogs is that private credit firms have been using a feature called payment-in-kind debt to mask weakness in their portfolios. PIK allows borrowers to push back interest payments until the debt itself has to be repaid.
‘Bad PIK’ — added during the life of the loan to relieve cash flow pressures — is used by Lincoln as a proxy for the default rate in private credit. The firm estimates that about 6.4% of borrowers from direct lenders had bad PIK in the fourth quarter, compared with 2.5% at the end of 2021. These borrowers also have soaring loan-to-value ratios, another sign of stress, Lincoln said.
Read: Private Credit’s Rising Pile of ‘Bad PIK’ Points to Default Woes
“For years there was a symbiotic relationship’’ between direct lenders and private equity, said Lincoln’s Kahn, but now sponsors are saying they won’t continue backing companies if they don’t see further value in them.
“People are looking after their own interests.”
--With assistance from Silas Brown, Tasos Vossos and James Crombie.
More stories like this are available onbloomberg.com
©2026 Bloomberg L.P.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio