Title: Johnson & Johnson Advances Pulsed Field Ablation Portfolio with the Launch of VARIPULSE Pro in Europe
Date: 2026-04-07 13:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/healthcare/articles/johnson-johnson-advances-pulsed-field-120000321.html?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian.
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
Nike set the stage for a turnaround, but global events keep getting in its way
The VARIPULSE Pro Platform features a new pulse sequence designed to streamline procedures and enhance workflow efficiencyi,ii
VARIPULSE Pro to be featured at EHRA 2026 alongside VARIPURE 12-month interim data
IRVINE, Calif., April 07, 2026--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ) today announced the launch of VARIPULSE Pro in Europe following CE Mark approval, further advancing its pulsed field ablation (PFA) portfolio. This new pulse sequence marks the next evolution of the VARIPULSE Platform and is designed to improve procedural efficiencyi,iiwhile reinforcing its established safetyiiiand effectivenessivprofile.
VARIPULSE Pro introduces a new pulse sequence with a lower temperature profile1,2,iand an ablation that is 5 times faster than the previous sequence3,ii, while achieving equivalent lesions4,v. Building on the proven precisionvi,viiand safety profileiiiof the VARIPULSE platform, VARIPULSE Pro integrates seamlessly with the CARTO 3 System, utilizing advanced mapping capabilities, including tissue proximity indicators for precise lesion deliveryvi,vii. With initial cases performed under the VARIPURE multicenter, prospective, postmarket follow-up study, the company is committed to generate rigorous evidence through VARIPURE and additional clinical studies during the commercial phase of the launch.
"In our early experience, VARIPULSE Pro has been exceptionally smooth and easy to use," said Tom De Potter5, M.D., Head of Electrophysiology and Associate Director of the Heart Center, OLV Hospital, Aalst, Belgium. "The speed is particularly striking and contributes to more efficient procedures without compromising precisionii. The integration with CARTO mapping and intracardiac echocardiography (ICE) facilitate accurate positioning and consistent lesion delivery4, contributing to a very positive procedural experience."
"The introduction of VARIPULSE Pro in Europe reflects our commitment to advancing our PFA platforms through continuous innovation, enhancing procedural experience while maintaining the consistency and precision physicians expect from the VARIPULSE Platform," said Michael Bodner, Company Group Chair, Electrophysiology & Neurovascular, MedTech, Johnson & Johnson. "This launch demonstrates our dedication to continuously evolving PFA technologies based on real-world learnings and our scientific expertise, supporting physicians to deliver high-quality care and improved patient outcomes."
The company will feature the VARIPULSE Pro Platform at the European Heart Rhythm Association (EHRA) annual meeting, including live case demonstrations, hands-on training sessions, and professional education. In addition, 12-month interim results from the ongoing VARIPURE study evaluating pulsed field ablation with the VARIPULSE Platform will be presented at the EHRA PFA Summit by Dr. Daniel Scherr6. For more information on Johnson & Johnson’s activities at EHRA 2026, visithere.
This milestone underscores Johnson & Johnson’s focus on innovation grounded in scientific expertise and real-world experience. With atrial fibrillation being the most common cardiac arrhythmia affecting more than 50 million people worldwideviiiand continuing to grow in prevalence, the company is leading the science and championing the evolution of PFA.
VARIPULSE Pro is not currently approved in the United States.
Cardiovascular Solutions from Johnson & Johnson MedTechAcross Johnson & Johnson, we are tackling the world’s most complex and pervasive health challenges. Through a cardiovascular portfolio that provides healthcare professionals with advanced mapping and navigation, miniaturized tech, and precise ablation we are addressing conditions with significant unmet needs such as heart failure, coronary artery disease, stroke, and atrial fibrillation. We are the global leaders in heart recovery, circulatory restoration, and the treatment of heart rhythm disorders, as well as an emerging leader in neurovascular care, committed to taking on two of the leading causes of death worldwide in heart failure and stroke. For more, visitthis website.
About Johnson & JohnsonAt Johnson & Johnson, we believe health is everything. Our strength in healthcare innovation empowers us to build a world where complex diseases are prevented, treated, and cured, where treatments are smarter and less invasive, and solutions are personal. Through our expertise in Innovative Medicine and MedTech, we are uniquely positioned to innovate across the full spectrum of healthcare solutions today to deliver the breakthroughs of tomorrow and profoundly impact health for humanity. Learn more about our MedTech sector’s global scale and deep expertise in surgery, orthopaedics, vision, and cardiovascular solutions athttps://www.jnjmedtech.com/.Follow us at@JNJMedTechand onLinkedIn.
Cautions Concerning Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains "forward-looking statements" as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 related to VARIPULSE Pro. The reader is cautioned not to rely on these forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current expectations of future events. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results could vary materially from the expectations and projections of Johnson & Johnson. Risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: competition, including technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; uncertainty of commercial success for new products; the ability of the company to successfully execute strategic plans; impact of business combinations and divestitures; challenges to patents; changes in behavior and spending patterns or financial distress of purchasers of health care products and services; and global health care reforms and trends toward health care cost containment. A further list and descriptions of these risks, uncertainties and other factors can be found in Johnson & Johnson’s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, including in the sections captioned "Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements" and "Item 1A. Risk Factors," and in Johnson & Johnson’s subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Copies of these filings are available online atwww.sec.gov,www.jnj.com,www.investor.jnj.comor on request from Johnson & Johnson. Johnson & Johnson does not undertake to update any forward-looking statement as a result of new information or future events or developments.
© Johnson & Johnson and its affiliates 2026. All rights reserved. M_EM_ELP_GNTR_4142
___________________________
1Compared to current VARIPULSE
2When compared to other competitive PF devices
3When compared to first version of VARIPULSE
4In preclinical testing
5Dr. De Potter is a consultant for Johnson & Johnson. Dr. De Potter was not compensated for this authorship contribution.
6Dr. Scherr served as a study investigator and as a consultant for Johnson & Johnson. Dr. Scherr was not compensated for this authorship contribution.
___________________________
iZito E, Mansour M, Reddy VY, et al. Assessment of temperature dynamics in pulsed field ablation with a variable-loop circular catheter: a comparative analysis of waveform configurations and irrigation rates in specimens of bovine ventricular myocardium.Europace. 2025;27:euaf278. doi:10.1093/europace/euaf278.
iiVARIPULSE Pulse Field Ablations in an in vitro model: temperature characterization of sequence 2 at 30 mL/min vs commercial sequence 1 at 4 mL/min and 30 mL/min. Engineering report. Report No. 502270676.
iiiAlmorad A, Vetta G, Della Rocca DG, et al. Real-world experience of atrial fibrillation ablation using a variable-loop circular catheter: a single-centre study.Europace. 2025;27(Suppl 1):i291.
ivPorterfield C, Krishnan K, Saleem M, Steckman D, Ebinger M, Gampa A, et al. Real-world safety profile of a multi-electrode variable loop pulsed-field ablation catheter. Presented at: Kansas City Heart Rhythm Symposium 2025; August 16 2025; Overland Park (Kansas City), KS.
vDi Biase L, Hsu J, Bhardwaj R, et al. Effect of pulsed field timing sequence and electrode cooling on ablation safety and efficacy surrogates: a preclinical study. Manuscript submitted for publication. 2026.
viDi Biase L, Marazzato J, Gomez T, et al. Application repetition and electrode-tissue contact result in deeper lesions using a pulsed-field ablation circular variable loop catheter.Europace. 2024;26(9):euae220. doi:10.1093/europace/euae220.
viiDuytschaever M, De Potter T, Grimaldi M, et al. Paroxysmal Atrial Fibrillation Ablation Using a Novel Variable-Loop Biphasic Pulsed Field Ablation Catheter Integrated With a 3-Dimensional Mapping System: 1-Year Outcomes of the Multicenter inspIRE Study. Circ Arrhythm Electrophysiol. 2023 Mar;16(3):e011780.
viiiMensah, G, Fuster, V, Murray, C. et al. Global Burden of Cardiovascular Diseases and Risks, 1990-2022. J Am Coll Cardiol. 2023 Dec, 82 (25) 2350–2473.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20260407187510/en/
Contacts
Media Contacts:Erin FarleyEfarley1@its.jnj.com
Majo EcheverriaMEchever@its.jnj.com
Investor Contact:investor-relations@its.jnj.com
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio