Title: Should You Buy, Sell or Hold JNJ Stock Ahead of Q1 Earnings?
Date: 2026-04-09 15:43
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/buy-sell-hold-jnj-stock-144300793.html?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian.
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
Nike set the stage for a turnaround, but global events keep getting in its way
Johnson & JohnsonJNJ will begin the earnings season for the drug & biotech sector when it reports its first-quarter 2026 results on April 14. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for first-quarter sales and earnings is pegged at $23.44 billion and $2.68 per share, respectively.
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for 2026 earnings has been stable at $11.54 per share over the past 60 days, while that for 2027 earnings has gone up from $12.40 per share to $12.45 over the same time frame.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
The healthcare bellwether’s performance has been pretty impressive, with the company exceeding earnings expectations in each of the trailing four quarters. It delivered a four-quarter earnings surprise of 3.56%, on average. In the last reported quarter, the company delivered an earnings surprise of 1.23%.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
J&J has an Earnings ESP of +3.26% and a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy), indicating a likely positive surprise. You can uncover the best stocks to buy or sell before they’re reported with our Earnings ESP Filter.
Per our proven model, companies with the combination of a positive Earnings ESP and a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), #2 or #3 (Hold) have a good chance of delivering an earnings beat. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here.
Sales in J&J’s Innovative Medicine segment are expected to have been driven by higher sales of key products such as Darzalex, Tremfya and Erleada due to strong market growth and share gains.
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for Darzalex, Tremfya and Erleada is pegged at $3.81 billion, $1.42 billion and $919 million, respectively.
Other products like Xarelto, Simponi/Simponi Aria, Uptravi and Opsumit are likely to have witnessed continued growth. The rapid adoption of new drugs like Carvykti, Tecvayli, Talvey, Rybrevant, plus Lazcluze, Caplyta, and Spravato is likely to have contributed to top-line growth.
Sales of its key drug Stelara are likely to have declined due to the impact of biosimilar competition.
Several biosimilar versions of Stelara were launched in the United States in 2025. According to patent settlements and license agreements,AmgenAMGN,Teva Pharmaceutical IndustriesTEVA, Samsung Bioepis/Sandoz and some other companies launched Stelara biosimilars in 2025. Stelara’s LOE negatively impacted the Innovative Medicines segment’s growth by 10.4% in 2025.  We expect the negative impact to be steeper in the first quarter of 2026 as the number of biosimilar entrants is expected to have increased.
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for Stelara sales is pegged at $1.0 billion.
Imbruvica sales are likely to have declined due to rising competitive pressure in the United States due to new oral competition. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for Imbruvica stands at $659.0 million.
Generic/biosimilar competition for drugs like Zytiga and Remicade is also likely to have hurt the top line.
The negative impact of the Part D redesign is expected to have weighed on sales of drugs like Stelara, Imbruvica and Erleada.
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for J&J’s Innovative Medicine unit is pegged at $15.05 billion.
J&J’s MedTech business is expected to continue seeing strong momentum in three focus areas: Cardiovascular, Surgery and Vision in the first quarter, backed by increased adoption of newly launched products.
J&J’s MedTech business has been facing continued headwinds in China, where sales are being hurt by the impact of the volume-based procurement (VBP) program. VBP is a government-driven cost containment effort in China. In the first quarter, sales in China are likely to have been hurt by the impact of the VBP program once again.
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for J&J’s MedTech segment stands at $8.57 billion.
Let us delve deeper to understand whether to buy, sell or hold J&J stock ahead of earnings.
J&J’s shares have outperformed the industry over the past year. The stock has risen 62.2% in the past year compared with 26.1% appreciation of the industry.  The stock has also outperformed the sector and S&P 500 index as seen in the chart below.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
From a valuation standpoint, J&J is slightly expensive. Going by the price/earnings ratio, the company’s shares currently trade at 20.48 forward earnings, higher than 17.09 for the industry. The stock is also trading above its five-year mean of 15.65.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
J&J’s biggest strength is its diversified business model, as it not only has pharmaceuticals but also medical devices, which help it withstand economic cycles more effectively.
J&J’s Innovative Medicine unit is showing a growth trend. The segment’s sales rose 4.1% on an organic basis in 2025 despite the loss of exclusivity (“LOE”) of its multi-billion-dollar product, Stelara. J&J’s MedTech business has also improved in the last three quarters. J&J expects accelerated growth in both the Innovative Medicine and MedTech segments in 2026, backed by new products.
The company rapidly advanced its pipeline in 2025, attaining significant clinical and regulatory milestones that will help drive growth through the back half of the decade. J&J believes 10 of its new products/pipeline candidates in the Innovative Medicine segment have the potential to deliver peak sales of $5 billion, including Talvey, Tecvayli, Imaavy, Caplyta, Inlexzo, Rybrevant, plus Lazcluze and Icotyde.
However, the Stelara patent cliff, the upcoming LOE of key drugs Opsumit and Simponi, the impact of Part D redesign, slowing sales in China in the MedTech segment and the pending talc lawsuits are significant headwinds.
J&J outperformed financial expectations in 2025 and looks optimistic for continued strong momentum in 2026, with a target to generate around $100 billion in revenues in the year. It also boasts strong cash flows and has consistently increased its dividends for 63 consecutive years.
Despite its several headwinds, J&J looks quite confident that it will be able to navigate these challenges.
No matter how the first-quarter’s results play out, one may consider investing in JNJ, considering its price appreciation, rising estimates, consistent earnings and sales growth, important new launches, and pipeline depth.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report
Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Amgen Inc. (AMGN) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. (TEVA) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio