Title: J&J advances PFA portfolio with Varipulse Pro launch in Europe
Date: 2026-04-08 10:40
URL: https://www.medicaldevice-network.com/news/jj-varipulse-pro-launch-europe/?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Varipulse Pro introduces a new pulse sequence with lower temperature and five times faster ablation.
Johnson & Johnson (J&J) has launched Varipulse Pro in Europe after securing CE Mark approval, strengthening its pulsed field ablation (PFA) portfolio.
The system introduces a new pulse sequence with a lower temperature profile and an ablation that is five times faster compared to the previous sequence.
Combine business intelligence and editorial excellence to reach engaged professionals across 36 leading media platforms.
Find out more
It integrates with the Carto 3 System, using advanced mapping capabilities and tissue proximity indicators to ensure precise lesion delivery.
J&J initiated initial cases under the VARIPURE multi-centre, prospective, postmarket follow-up study, aiming to generate robust evidence through this trial and other clinical studies during the commercial rollout phase.
J&J MedTech electrophysiology and neurovascular group chair Michael Bodner said: “The introduction of Varipulse Pro in Europe reflects our commitment to advancing our PFA platforms through continuous innovation, enhancing procedural experience while maintaining the consistency and precision physicians expect from the Varipulse platform.
“This launch demonstrates our dedication to continuously evolving PFA technologies based on real-world learnings and our scientific expertise, supporting physicians to deliver high-quality care and improved patient outcomes.”
The Varipulse Pro platform will be exhibited at the European Heart Rhythm Association (EHRA) annual meeting, with live case demonstrations, hands-on training sessions, and professional education.
Dr Daniel Scherr, who served as a study investigator and a consultant for J&J, will present the interim 12-month outcomes from the ongoing VARIPURE trial at the EHRA PFA Summit. Varipulse Pro is currently not approved in the US.
Last month, J&Jreceived approvalfrom the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for its TECNIS PureSee extended depth of focus (EDOF) intraocular lens (IOL), designed for use in cataract surgery.
The TECNIS PureSee IOL is expected to become available for US patients later this year.
Experience unmatched clarity with a single platform that combines unique data, AI, and human expertise.
Find out more
Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights.
Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights.
Medical Technology : Medical Device Network Focus (monthly)
Thematic Take (monthly)
Visit ourPrivacy Policyfor more information about our services, how we may use, process and share your personal data, including information on your rights in respect of your personal data and how you can unsubscribe from future marketing communications. Our services are intended for corporate subscribers and you warrant that the email address submitted is your corporate email address.
View all newslettersfrom across the GlobalData Media network.
The leading site for news and procurement in the medical device industry
Powered by
© GlobalData Plc 2026
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.