Title: Here Are Wednesday’s Top Wall Street Analyst Research Calls: Coinbase Global, Diamondback Energy, Deere, Doximity, Dutch Bros., Johnson & Johnson, Robinhood Markets, Verizon and More
Date: 2026-04-08 13:13
URL: https://247wallst.com/investing/2026/04/08/here-are-wednesdays-top-wall-street-analyst-research-calls-coinbase-global-diamondback-energy-deere-doximity-dutch-bros-johnson-johnson-robinhood-markets-verizon-and-more/?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Investing
Stocks are higher this morning on a 2-week ceasefire agreement.
While rampaging oil prices are still the number one issue facing investors, Wall Street and Main Street are starting to turn their attention to first-quarter earnings.
General expectations for solid results for Q1 results are baked in, but forward guidance could be the determining factor for many companies.
Are you ahead, or behind on retirement?SmartAsset's free toolcan match you with a financial advisor in minutes to help you answer that today. Each advisor has been carefully vetted, and must act in your best interests. Don't waste another minute;learn more here.(Sponsor)
Sending You to Google News in3
© mezzotint / Shutterstock.com
The futuresare exploding higher, as, fortunately, President Trump chose not to “end civilization in Iran” and agreed to a two-week pause on attacks on Iran. In contrast, Iran agreed to let ships pass through the Strait of Hormuz. The major indices were mixed after starting Tuesday deep in the red, then rallying in the afternoon. The S&P 500 and the Nasdaq finished modestly higher, closing at 6,615 and 22,017, respectively. The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed lower by just 0.18% at 46,584, while the small-cap-heavy Russell 2000 was last seen at 2,543, up 0.10%.
Yields weredown across the entire Treasury curve on Tuesday, as investors clearly sensed that the worst could happen in Iran and sought the shelter of U.S. government debt. Following a jump in yields earlier in the week, investors bought on dips and consolidated ahead of crucial 30-year bond auctions, even as oil prices remained elevated. The 30-year long bond closed the session at 4.88%, while the benchmark 10-year note was last seen at 4.31%.
In a verywelcome sign for investors, oil finally fell for the first time in days, as hopes for an easing of tensions and more ships passing through the Strait of Hormuz were positive data points on Tuesday. Brent Crude fell 3.52% to close at $105.90, while West Texas Intermediate finished 1% lower at $111.30. Natural gas closed the day at $2.84, up 1.17%.
Like stockson Tuesday, precious metals sold off until an afternoon reversal that helped Gold turn around and finish the day at $4,708, up 1.31%, while Silver closed at $72.97, up 0.44%. Like Treasury bonds on Tuesday,  the precious metals buying was driven primarily by intensified safe-haven demand stemming from escalating geopolitical tensions in the Middle East.
Cryptocurrencymarkets pulled back on Tuesday amid mounting geopolitical unease in the Middle East, rattling investor confidence. Bitcoin dipped below $70,000, trading in the $68,000–$69,000 range, while the broader market shed earlier weekly gains, and total market capitalization declined. With a Trump-imposed deadline on Iran’s infrastructure looming, traders largely held their positions, leaving sentiment cautious and the market tilted firmly to the downside. At 8 AM EDT, Bitcoin was trading at $71,700, while Ethereum was quoted at $2,250.
24/7 Wall St. reviewsdozens of analyst research reports daily to identify new investment ideas for both investors and traders. Some of these daily analyst calls cover stocks to buy. Other calls cover stocks to sell or avoid. Remember that no single analyst call should ever be used as a basis to buy or sell a stock.
Here aresome of the top Wall Street analyst upgrades, downgrades, and initiations seen on Wednesday, April 8, 2026.
Retirement planning doesn’t have to feel overwhelming. The key is finding expert guidance, and SmartAsset’s simple quiz makes it easier than ever for you to connect with a vetted financial advisor. Here’s how:
Answer a few simple questions
Get Matched with Vetted Advisors
Choose Your  Fit
Why wait? Start building the retirement you’ve always dreamed of.Get started today!(sponsor)
Lee Jackson has covered Wall Street analysts' equity and debt research and equity strategy daily for 24/7 Wall St. since 2012. His broad and diverse career, which included a stint as the creative services director at the NBC affiliate in Austin, Texas, gives him unique insight into the financial industry and world.
Lee Jackson's journey in the financial industry spans over 30 years, with nearly two decades as an institutional equity salesperson at Bear Stearns, Lehman Brothers, and Morgan Stanley. His career was marked by his presence on the sell side during pivotal Wall Street events, from the dot.com rise and bubble to the Long Term Capital Management debacle, 9/11, and the Great Recession of 2008. This is a testament to his resilience and adaptability in the face of market volatility.
Lee Jackson’s practical financial industry experience, acquired from a career at some of the biggest banks and brokerage firms, is complemented by a lifetime of writing on various platforms. This unique combination allows him to shed light on the intricacies and workings of Wall Street in a way that only someone with deep insider experience and knowledge can. Moreover, his extensive network across Wall Street continues to provide direct access for him and 24/7 Wall St., a privilege few firms enjoy.
Since 2012, Jackson’s work for 24/7 Wall St. has been featured in Barron’s, Yahoo Finance, MarketWatch, Business Insider, TradingView, Real Money, The Street, Seeking Alpha, Benzinga, and other media outlets. He attended the prestigious Cranbrook Schools in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan, and has a degree in broadcasting from the Specs Howard School of Media Arts.
Our top personal finance-related articles today. Your wallet will thank you later.
Pre-Market Stock Futures:Futures are down big as oil shoots higher on Tuesday.  After a big early morning sell-off on Monday,…
Pre-Market Stock Futures:Futures are trading lower as we hit the mid-point of the trading week, and while we didn’t see…
Pre-Market Stock Futures:The futures are trading higher as we start the new trading week. There is an old saying, “Fool…
Pre-Market Stock Futures:Futures are trading higher after a sluggish start to the holiday-shortened trading week. While stocks started as if…
Pre-Market Stock Futures:Futures are trading lower as we prepare to end another up-and-down week, and, as we mentioned before, it…
Pre-Market Stock Futures:Futures are trading lower as we head into Thursday, and depending on today’s narrative about how the war…
Pre-Market Stock Futures:Futures are trading higher as shell-shocked traders and investors return to a holiday-shortened trading week, where all the…
Pre-Market Stock Futures:Futures are trading lower this morning, as issues in the Strait of Hormuz get murkier. Depending on how…
Pre-Market Stock Futures:Futures are trading lower this morning, as many on Wall Street feel the temporary ceasefire may be just…