Title: Gibson Dunn Partner Takes Top Enforcement Role at SEC
Date: 2026-04-08 18:56
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/economy/policy/articles/gibson-dunn-partner-takes-top-185607109.html?.tsrc=rss
------------------------------
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian. 
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
Nike set the stage for a turnaround, but global events keep getting in its way
Bank of America rips up its economic forecasts as it braces for $100 oil all year on Iran war disruptions
Trump says the Strait of Hormuz must be 'open, free and clear' before having ceasefire talks with Iran
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq extended their rally for a second day ahead of Trump’s speech on Iran
The Nasdaq led the Dow and S&P 500 higher on growing optimism the war in Iran may end soon
(Bloomberg) -- A former Securities and Exchange Commission official will return to the agency next month to take the top enforcement job following the sudden resignation of the previous director.
David Woodcock, a partner at law firm Gibson Dunn & Crutcher, will start May 4, the agency said Wednesday. Acting Enforcement Director Sam Waldon will continue in the role until then.
“I am incredibly pleased to have David rejoin the SEC at this critical time, as we continue to focus on the types of misconduct that inflict the greatest harm to investors,” Chairman Paul Atkins said in a statement.
Woodcock had been under consideration for the high-profile enforcement director role last year, according to people familiar with the matter who asked not to be identified discussing the confidential processes. Ultimately, Atkins chose Margaret “Meg” Ryan, a senior military judge with no securities law background who was on a list of potential Supreme Court nominees during President Donald Trump’s first term in office.
Ryan quit in March after just about six months on the job. She gave no reason to the staff for her departure. Two senators called on Atkins to explain Ryan’s resignation and whether her departure was related to cryptocurrency cases, including one touching the Trump family’s business ventures.
Woodcock was head of the SEC’s Fort Worth, Texas office from 2011 to 2015. He also previously served as an in-house corporate attorney at Exxon Mobil Corp and has experience as a certified public accountant.
During his previous tenure at the SEC, he served as chair of the agency’s financial reporting and audit task force, a group that aimed to crack down on accounting violations and false financial statements.
“He is a good, smart, excellent lawyer who cares about the mission of the SEC,” said Rebecca Fike, a partner at law firm Reed Smith who was an enforcement attorney in the Fort Worth office during Woodcock’s tenure.
Woodcock is set to take the job as SEC leadership directs staff to focus on insider trading, accounting fraud cases, market manipulation and breach of fiduciary duty by investment advisers. Atkins has criticized past agency actions, including so-called regulation by enforcement against the crypto industry.
Enforcement cases against firms and individuals have dropped at the SEC during Trump’s second administration, as have the size of the penalties levied on firms and individuals, according to a report from Cornerstone Research.
The agency’s recent enforcement statistics for fiscal year 2025 reported higher penalties and returns of illegal profits compared to the previous year, but those statistics were bolstered by actions at the end of the Biden administration.
(Update starts in paragraph seven with additional details on Woodcock’s background.)
More stories like this are available on bloomberg.com
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio