Title: Athletic Brands Jockey for Position in Wake of World Cup Fever
Date: 2026-04-07 16:17
URL: https://wwd.com/footwear-news/shoe-industry-news/athletic-brands-world-cup-strategy-1238693481/?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Athletic shoe players will see some sales uptick, but the main event is the marketing play by brands to garner brand heat.
Brand awareness is top of mind for athletic brands, and what better venue this year than FIFA Men’sWorld Cup.
For marketers, the next few months will be critical. Strong storytelling that resonates with consumers creates brand heat that could bring residual sales at a time whenNike‘s turnaround continues to hit speed bump and a challenging climate in Europe is impacting the sector as a whole.
With the tournament set to kick off in the United States, Mexico and Canada in June, there has been a flurry of activity among the top two competing brands,NikeandAdidas.
World Cupfever is building momentum for thesoccer cleat category, good news for brands following a 12-month lull in interest, according footwear expert andsoccer.com’s director of consumer merchandising Billy Lalor. Product introductions are already ramping up ahead of the World Cup — the match schedule is over two months, June and July.
In fact, Nike andAdidas, have been piling on the announcements aboutsoccer-inspired footwear, alongside a plethora of new team kits.
Among the highlights, Nike isprepping for the World Cupwith versions of its essential Air Force 1 sneakers for the United States Men’s National Team, which has carries the official “Team USA” badge, and its chief rival Mexico, which just has the heel tag “Mexico Tiempo FC” as the team is Adidas-sponsored. Swoosh is also celebrating the role the U.S. has as World Cup host country with all-new jersey designs featuring American motifs as part of its 2026 team kits for U.S. soccer players.
The sports brand is also reissuing for the first time since its 2013 launch one of Kobe Bryant’s fan-favorite signature styles, theNike Kobe 8 Protro “Mambacurial”sneaker. The low-cut ankle shoe will feature the original purple-to-pink mesh upper along with a bright green Swoosh at the toe, plus an upgraded drop-in insole for improved responsiveness.
Adidas last month opened itsfirst U.S.-focused soccer storein a 9,000 square-foot space at the American Dream Mall in East Rutherford, N.J., offering an immersive, soccer-driven retail experience. American Dream said last month that the Adidas opening is part of a broader line-up of World Cup-related initiatives planned by the mall this year as it positions itself as a destination for sports fans and global events.
Adidas also has three “Bringback” colorways for itsGazelle sneakersas part of a capsule for three countries, Mexico, Argentina and Columbia. The sneakers are available at the Dick’s Sporting Goods’ website. The capsule is part of the Bring Back collection that revives vintage soccer styles — think Adidas jerseys, tracksuits and tees — from legendary teams and matches.
Another highlight isAdidas and Yohji Yamamotobringing back their Y-3 “Beast Pact” boots from 2006, this time without the cleats as the shoe returns as thin-sole sneakers. The pair of shoes, available in July, are priced at $300 each.
Pumaisn’t expected to introduce any shoe launches for the World Cup, but that doesn’t mean it won’t have a presence at the event. In itsOctober earnings conference call,PumaCEO Arthur Hoeld ticked off a list of things Puma needs to correct, including — perhaps more importantly — the need to pack in some brand heat at sporting events this year.
Hoeld cited the World Cup at the company’s fourth quarter earnings conference call on Feb. 26 the FIFA World Cup, noting that its sponsored teams will give the brand “a strong, strong presence at one of the most prolific sporting events later this year.” Puma last month unveiled team kits for its 11 sponsored nations, including teams from Portugal, Morocco, Ghana, Paraguay, Senegal, Côte d’Ivoire, Czech Republic, Switzerland, New Zealand, Austria and Egypt.
Puma, which now counts Anta as its largest shareholder —  has set 2026 as its year of transition, with a plan to return to above industry growth rates as of 2027. It is also focused on Hyrox and F1, two sports that are dominating the conversation.
Soccer.com’s Lalor said the Puma brand is expected to have a bigger presence in soccer footwear in 2027, which coincides with FIFA Women’s World Cup with Brazil as the host country.
Sneaker brandReebokmarked its reentry into the soccer market via an endorsement deal inked last month with Dušan Vlahović, one of Europe’s top forwards.
The long-term partnership with the professionalfootballstar as the face ofReebokFootballapparel and footwear includes the summer debut of the Sidewinder, a performance football boot. Reebok followed a week later with the signing of a second endorsement deal, this time with elite European defender Trevoh Chalobah. Chalobah debuted the new Sidewinder during last month’s UEFA Champions League knockout match.
The big question for the footwear players is how many shoes can they sell. According to Matt Powell, senior advisor at BCE Consulting, thesebig sporting tentpolesare more effective as marketing occasions rather than sales drivers, although he did note a “very small lift for a couple of weeks” for the footwear sector.
Only $24.99 for one year!
Sign up for Footwear News straight to your inbox every day
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2026 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Move the toggle to the left (grey color) and click “Confirm My Choices” to indicate that you do not want us to sell or share your personal information as described above and that you want us to limit the use of your sensitive personal information to only those purposes permitted by California law. You must indicate your choice on each computer/browser you use to access our services and fill out the opt out form above for non-cookie-based data. If you clear your cookies or your browser is set to do so, you must opt out using the toggle again.