Title: 2025-2026 NBA Season Business Analysis Report: Social Media, Sponsorships, Ticket Revenues, League Sponsorship, Kit Suppliers, In-Season Competitions, Patch Partners
Date: 2026-04-09 14:47
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/2025-2026-nba-season-business-134700038.html?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Key NBA market opportunities include leveraging new media rights and expanding the jersey patch market. Despite declining viewership, the NBA's international fanbase offers growth potential, supported by global games and strong sponsorships, such as Nike's exclusive deal, enhancing team and league revenue streams.
Dublin, April 09, 2026(GLOBE NEWSWIRE)-- The"The Business of NBA 2025-26"report has been added toResearchAndMarkets.com'soffering.The "Business of the NBA 2025-26" report takes a closer look at the most followed sports league in North America.
The report highlights the media rights landscape and sponsorship portfolios of NBA, a long with a comprehensive overview into the team sponsorship market, highlighting Nikes kit supplier contract with the league and all team patch partners.
The report also looks the in-season competitions - namely the NBA Cup, All-Star weekend and Global games series, which generate additional revenue for the league. Social media numbers are also highlighted to help offer popular understanding of and within the league.New US media rights cycle starting this season worth $6.9 billion. NBA Finals viewership continues to decrease. The league has 63 active sponsors this season. Jersey patch partnership market continues to grow. New York Knicks set to generate the highest revenue from team sponsorship. NBA All-Star game viewership continues to fall, among a change in format this season.
Report Scope
The main aims of this report is to highlight the commercial landscape across one of the biggest sports leagues in the world. It breaks the league down individually but offers strong comparisons against other leading leagues, including the other 'big five' US leagues. Offers a great overview of key revenue streams throughout the league.
Reasons to Buy
Basketball is one of the most popular sport in the world, and the NBA is the biggest league within the sport. The NBA is the most followed sports league in North America, with a growing international fanbase supported by games abroad and a growing roster of top players from around the world competing. The report highlights the key commercial revenue streams for the league and its teams.
Key Highlights
Overview of the market
List of all Media deals
Breakdown of major sponsorship partners
Exclusive kit deal with Nike
Jersey patch market synopsis
In-depth team sponsorship overview
Team profiles
Ticket revenue generated by all 30 teams
In-season competitions including the NBA All-Star weekend, NBA Cup and Global Games
Overview of Social media numbers across the league
Key Topics Covered:1. Executive Summary2. Media Landscape3. League sponsorship landscape4. Kit supplier landscape5. Jersey Patch partnerships6. Team sponsorship7. Team profiles8. Ticket revenue9. In-season competitions10. NBA Global Games11. Social media12. AppendixList of Tables
All Home market media rights
Media subscription costs to fans
Number of national TV games
Local media rights
Global media rights
League sponsorship annual value
Kit supplier history
Patch partner values
Deal value and volume for team sponsors
Ticket revenue by team
NBA Cup hosts
NBA Global games history
Social media followers
For more information about this report visithttps://www.researchandmarkets.com/r/gf7m4m
About ResearchAndMarkets.comResearchAndMarkets.com is the world's leading source for international market research reports and market data. We provide you with the latest data on international and regional markets, key industries, the top companies, new products and the latest trends.
CONTACT: CONTACT: ResearchAndMarkets.com Laura Wood,Senior Press Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./ CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio