Title: Is the Problem With Nike's Stock That It Has Too Much Exposure to China?
Date: 2026-04-07 15:05
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/07/is-the-problem-with-nikes-stock-that-it-has-too-mu/?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Nike generated decent growth in its North American segment last quarter.
Nike(NKE+1.97%)has a growth problem. The business just isn't doing as well as it has been in years past, and these days, investors are looking elsewhere in search of top growth stocks to own. Over the past five years, the returns from Nike stock have been abysmal, as it has crashed close to 70% during that stretch. Normally, a buy-and-hold strategy, especially when it involves an iconic company with a terrific track record, yields strong returns for investors. That hasn't been the case with Nike at all.
Under CEO Elliott Hill, the company is attempting to turn things around. While there have been some small wins and signs of progress, the business is still trying to prove to investors that it's worth investing in -- its stock recently hit a new 52-week low.
There is one market that has been doing particularly poorly for Nike, and that's China. Is its dependence on that part of the world the biggest problem for theshoe stockright now, and if so, what does that mean for investors?
Image source: Getty Images.
Nike's sales were flat in its most recent quarter, which ended on Feb. 28. But a closer look at the results shows investors that the performance wasn't nearly the same across all of its geographical areas. The company did the best on its home turf, with North American sales rising by 3%.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
The most challenging market has been in China, with Nike reporting that revenue in Greater China was down 7% year over year, and that falls to 10% when excluding the impact of foreign exchange. Even in the Asia Pacific & Latin America segment, things weren't that bad, with its organic growth rate being a negative 2%.
The Greater China segment is an important one for Nike, as it represents about 14% of its revenue. Plus, the company has many factories in China. At a time when U.S.-China relations aren't the greatest, the exposure that the company has to that part of the world could be particularly troubling for the stock.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all,Stock Advisor’stotal average return is946%*— a market-crushing outperformance compared to190%for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy right now,available when you joinStock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2026.
Nike's stock hasn't been this cheap in over a decade, and investors may be willing to look past the challenges the company faces in China and other parts of the world, simply because itsvaluation is so low. Buying at a severely discounted price can, after all, provide you with some great margin of safety.
Unfortunately, there hasn't been much safety at all with the stock. It came into 2026 trading at a significantly reduced valuation, and it has continued to fall even further, down another 30% this year. This could make for an intriguing contrarian investment (if you're willing to take on the risk), but you'll need to be patient, as the turnaround will take time and there are no guarantees it'll be a success.
Before you buy stock inNike, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andNikewasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $536,003!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,116,248!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is946% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to190%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2026.
David Jagielski, CPAhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Nike. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over55 Metas.
What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends