Title: Levi's plays best in 'the center of culture': Exec on Q1 success
Date: 2026-04-08 15:21
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/levis-plays-best-in-the-center-of-culture-exec-on-q1-success-142127494.html?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian.
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
Nike set the stage for a turnaround, but global events keep getting in its way
Shares of fashion brand Levi Strauss & Co. (LEVI) are rising as high as 12% at the start of Wednesday trading after posting strong first quarter sales figures, namely direct-to-consumer (DTC) sales growing by 16%.
Levi Strauss chief financial and growth officer Harmit Singh joins Yahoo Finance Executive Editor Brian Sozzi for a conversation about the denim maker's consumer observations andboosts from cultural moments.
Army, good to see you. Um so I was telling my team when this results hit the market, they are so different than what I heard from Nike. I mean, night and day. Like, explain this to us. Why were you able to drive double digit gains against a backdrop of uncertain consumer?
Yeah, no, uh, first thanks for having me, Brian and you're right. You know, we started the year with a bang with a cultural moment, launched our first Super Bowl ad in two uh decades and beginning of a wonderful global market campaign. Last year it was about music with Beyonce. This is this year is about music and sports because we play best when we're in the center of culture. You know,
we're accelerating our top line and our bottom line is largely driven by a couple of factors. Number one, we're globally diversified. We are leaning into, you know, the trends and actually leading trends. Our product pipeline has never been stronger. We are executing a lot better. And so I think, you know, it's a great moment and we're not done. I mean, we have a long runway for growth.
Um you know, we're, you know, as part of my responsibility growth officer, one of the things I've done recently is redefine the Tam working with the team. You know, uh originally we were talking about a addressable market of 100 billion, which is largely denim. We have we don't even play in the what I call luxury denim category, which is about 10 billion. That time has been expanded 15 times to a trillion five. And we're leaning in with women, we're
leading with tops and so I think, you know, uh those are all the factors really, uh, you know, allowing us to accelerate top line, bottom line, create real sustainable value.
Are people just tossing their athleisure in the trash and upgrading their denim?
You know, people, um, you know, the world's getting a lot more casual. Look at you. Yeah, look at me. I'm wearing blue cash. That's true. And so I think that's the overall trend number one. Number two, if you lead the fashion friends and lead silhouettes, right, you know, it's all about loose and baggy today. It was about slim and skinny. It's probably headed to a little bit more of a straight. But I think as long as you lead with the trends, you know,
I'm not going back. I can't do it.
the trends are relevant to what he or she wants. Um, and we execute really well. I think that's where, you know, uh we are growing market share and leading with market share and all that good stuff.
Well, is there just a new denim replacement cycle underway?
Yeah, uh I I would say yes, uh but what we are seeing is and the consumers been very resilient, the consumer gravitates to newness and you know, especially if the newness drive, you know, is in sync with trends that we're seeing, um, you know, across all the fashion walks and things like that. And so, uh, you know, being a leader in denim and now expanding beyond denim, um you know, even beyond yoga as an example had an outstanding second quarter, last quarter was great and this
uh quarter was also brilliant. I think those are the factors that are making a difference and I must really shout out to our teams on the ground, the people who execute are, you know, are uh, you know, and uh interact with our consumers, our store associates because DDC, which is our own stores and e-commerce is now at an inflection point, you know, it's over 50% of the business headed towards being more like 55%. And we're doing that with what I call the power of the end, which is growing wholesale
at the same time as growing DDC.
investors are waking up to you, Harmi. I mean, the markets are ripping higher. We got a two-week ceasefire between the US and Iran war. On days like this where do you breathe a large sigh of relief that this is now, we do have this two- week pause. And then secondly, do you get a call from the team at Macy's say, hey, you know what, I feel a little more confident to order things for the fall. Place those orders, Army.
Yeah, no, it's it's a sigh of relief, uh, uh, clearly. Uh, but we are all, you know, learning to live with macro uncertainty. Um and, uh, you know, companies that and we also realized that as wallets get tighter, as consumer confidence, uh you know, uh is a little volatile, we have to work harder to earn our consumers' trust. Uh but your question about customers, I think I'll pivot to DDC first is making a big difference to wholesale. They see stuff working in our own stores and e-commerce. They mean our customers,
and they then respond. You know, as part of Super Bowl, we had some of our key customers come, um you know, and participate in the activation uh and, you know, it was a proud moment because they all said, you bring traffic to our stores, you have the styles, etc. And I think I think that's what you're seeing is the activation of that confidence in what we're rolling out. So, I hope I get the calls from the Macys, uh and uh and the calls and the rest. But at the end of the day, a diversified business that not only drives our own stores
as well as our e-commerce, but also whole wholesale is is critical for the success of the of the business.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio