Title
Nike Stock Is Deeply Oversold. Should You Buy the Dip Here?

Date
2026-04-08 13:47

URL
https://www.barchart.com/story/news/1198992/nike-stock-is-deeply-oversold-should-you-buy-the-dip-here?.tsrc=rss

Content
All information and data in this article is solely for informational purposes. For more information please view the Barchart Disclosure Policyhere
Share
Nike(NKE)shares have been under immense pressure in recent sessions, mostly due to the firm’s disappointing sales forecast, citing ongoing disruptions in the Middle East and a continued slump in China.
The bearish momentum has crashed NKE’s relative strength index (14-day) into the late teens, signaling extremely oversold conditions that often trigger a relief rally.
Nike stock has been a major disappointment for investors since the COVID-19 pandemic. At writing,it’s down an alarming 76%versus its high in late 2021.
Despite Nike’s concerning guidance, options pricing suggests a significant rebound is in the offing.
According to Barchart, theput-to-call ratioon contracts expiring mid-July sits at 0.59x currently — signaling a strong bullish skew, with the upper price on those contracts calling for a push to $49.
This means options traders expect NKE shares to rally over 15% within the next three months.
It's also worth mentioning that Nike currently pays a lucrativedividendyield of 3.84%, which makes it even more attractive as a long-term holding — at least for income-focused investors.
Guggenheim’s senior analyst Simeon Siegel also remains bullish on Nike shares for the remainder of 2026.
Speaking recently with CNBC, Siegel argued the company’s latest earnings release actually offered evidence that it’s moving in the right direction.
The market expert cited management’s aggressive “marketplace clean-up” and “Sports Offense” strategy in North America as critical “greenshoots.”
According to Siegel, while international regions like China remain a drag, Nike is successfully right-sizing its inventory and protecting its premium brand equity.
These initiatives, he’s convinced, are necessary precursors to a sustainable long-term recovery.
Other Wall Street analysts also remain constructive on NKE stock, especially since it’s trading at a historically low valuation multiple of about 29x earnings at the time of writing.
According to Barchart, the consensus rating on Nike is a “Moderate Buy,” with the mean price objective of roughly $64, indicating analysts currently see the footwear giant as significantly undervalued.
Stocks:1520minute delay (Cboe BZX is real-time), ET. Volume reflects consolidated markets. Futures and Forex: 10 or 15 minute delay, CT.Market Datapowered by Barchart Solutions. Fundamental data provided by Zacks andMorningstar.
© 2026 Barchart.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
The content we make available on this website [and through our other channels] (the “Service”) was created, developed, compiled, prepared, revised, selected, and/or arranged by us, using our own methods and judgment, and through the expenditure of substantial time and effort. This Service and the content we make available are proprietary, and are protected by these Terms of Service (which is a contract between us and you), copyright laws, and other intellectual property laws and treaties. This Service is also protected as a collective work or compilation under U.S. copyright and other laws and treaties. We provide it for your personal, non-commercial use only.
You may not use, and may not authorize any third party to use, this Service or any content we make available on this Service in any manner that (i) is a source of or substitute for the Service or the content; (ii) affects our ability to earn money in connection with the Service or the content; or (iii) competes with the Service we provide. These restrictions apply to any robot, spider, scraper, web crawler, or other automated means or any similar manual process, or any software used to access the Service. You further agree not to violate the restrictions in any robot exclusion headers of this Service, if any, or bypass or circumvent other measures employed to prevent or limit access to the Service by automated means.
