Title:   Conagra Brands finds new CEO, McDonald's to add energy drinks to menus
Date:    2026-04-13
URL:     https://finance.yahoo.com/video/conagra-brands-finds-new-ceo-mcdonalds-to-add-energy-drinks-to-menus-150000789.html?.tsrc=rss
--Article Content--
Oops, something went wrong
Market Catalysts Host Julie Hyman and Yahoo Finance Senior Reporter Brooke DiPalma track several of the day's top trending stock tickers, including Conagra Brands (CAG) hiring former J.M. Smucker (SJM) COO John Brase to be the company's new CEO, McDonald's (MCD) adding new energy drink items to the menu, and Somnigroup International (SGI) acquiring Leggett & Platt (LEG) in a $2.5 billion deal.
Let's check out some of today's trending tickers. We are watching Conagra, McDonald's and Leggett & Platt and Somna Group.
Berta Coma is with me now. Let's start with uh Conagra here. The company is naming a new CEO. Um this is a food giant by the way. They make slim Jim, they make Birds Eye frozen foods. Uh Sean Connelly's going to step down as CEO, John Bray is going to take over June 1st. The stock has not done well uh recently,
Yeah.
but it's down on this announcement.
And it's down on this announcement today. And we heard from JP Morgan analyst Thomas Palmer. What he essentially was saying here was like, okay, we have a new CEO stepping in which is somewhat unexpected. Sean Connelly, you know, has been in the role for more than a decade now. and so someone came as a surprise. But on top of that, too, you know, the new CEO, John Bray is not stepping into anything easy. Thomas Palmer pointing out significant challenges that the new CEO will be up against including inflation, especially when it comes to freight and packaging. That's a major concern right now. Also earnings pressure continues to mount for the company. We know that the recent earnings came in at $1.70. Investors were only looking for $1.69. And so it's not like this CEO is stepping in and really, you know, already going to hit on a the right foot and really get going. There's significant problems that are still up against the company.
Gotcha. Okay, that makes sense. All right, next up is a name you're very familiar with and that is McDonald's.
Um according to the Wall Street Journal, it is going to be rolling out some new drinks. Red Bull Dragon Berry Energizer, Dirty Dr. Pepper, mango pineapple refresher. Um today I learned what it means when you put dirty in front of something which I
Make it energized.
To me, it's in the context of Martini, Martinis, adding olive juice, but you know, okay, so, um so it's all I mean basically this feels like they're following Starbucks, Dutch Bros, some of the other drink centered chains that have really leaned into this area.
Even maybe even taking a playbook out of up and comers like a name called Swig. There's actually um uh it's a more of a startup. There's one based in New York City. More of like a middle West Coast kind of vibe, now expanding into the rest of the country. But I mean we kind of expected this after that cosmic launch that ended up getting the Kaibosh by McDonald's. They took a lot of those learnings from 2025, from end of 2024 and really are taking that now into their beverage platform. But one of the biggest questions I have is similar to what Starbucks says says maybe even a touch Bros, is that now this is just adding more complexity. So I'm curious, you know, will this be in the sort of beverage concept already, maybe in those already to go server areas as well.
Well, the story says some of these franchisees are are investing big money in the machines that make these things. So it's not like it's that, I mean, easy in the sense maybe that you push a button, but if you're making an upfront investment,
It's very complex.
But it does seem like this is a high margin business, the beverage business in general. So you think that if someone adds this to their already existing, they're coming in maybe for that value meal that's doing well for McDonald's, then they add this more premium beverage, then that ends up doing well for this franchise owner. And so so many franchise operators that I have spoken to, they are pretty excited about this beverage platform.
I am curious at a time if people are trying to save money. Now and the journal also says that McDonald's is going to try and undercut its competitors on price.
Yeah, it's going to be a lower price.
But is it going to be cheaper than soda?
Probably not.
Probably not. So the question is will people be willing to pay a little bit more? I mean, I have health questions about all this stuff, but that's
I mean, how much sugar? But it's a high margin business and people may be willing to add that little luxury in the afternoon. That's what they're really the niche that they're looking to hit.
Yeah, we're all addicted to a lot of caffeine and sugar.
Exactly.
Anyway, let's talk about um what you're going to need, what maybe you won't need it because you've been drinking so many energy drinks. Um a new mattress deal. That's what we're talking about.
Somna Group is buying Leggett & Platt. Um it's been looking at Leggett & Platt for a while here. Um Somna Group is Tempur Sealy and Mattress Firm. So that's the parent company. Now going in and buying Leggett and Platt which makes the components that go into mattresses.
More of the technology behind it. But what's interesting is as you were saying, this was a deal that they already offered for 1.5 billion back in December. Now this deal that we're getting today or I believe 1.5, 1.6, the deal we're getting today is 2.5. So the company has significantly upped its investment in order to get this company. Obviously it worked. This company Leggett and Platt also up about 65% over the past year.
And I think this is a pretty niche business when you think about the technology, the automation that goes within Temper Sealy, Dreams, Mattress firm. So it seems like this is sort of a long-term play as maybe people want to automate their beds. I don't know.
Well, or just in, I mean, you know, maybe they want to automate their, I mean, there's always a business for mattresses.
100%.
And I thought it was interesting that the CEO of Somna Group told the Wall Street Journal that um the bedding market are at is at its cyclical floor. So in other words, they feel like even if they're paying more than they were planning to in December, they feel like they're coming in at a low in that business.
As of right now, also, Leggett & Platt makes sort of the adjustable chairs that we have in our vehicles, which I thought was really interesting as well. So perhaps a different play into furniture that I don't really think of too often.
That you don't think of as furniture at all.
Yeah, exactly. So it'll be interesting to see
And you spend a lot of time sitting in those seats, so you want to be comfortable.
Exactly.
Absolutely. Berta, thanks a lot. Appreciate it.