Title: Why TTM Technologies Stock Soared More Than 15% Higher Today
Date: 2026-04-30 20:54
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/30/why-ttm-technologies-stock-soared-more-than-15-hig/?.tsrc=rss

The tech components maker had a record-busting first quarter.
Highly specialized tech components maker TTM Technologies (TTMI +15.07%) was a highly desirable stock to own on Thursday. Investors piled into the company's equity after it published very encouraging first-quarter results that left analyst estimates in the dust. TTM stock closed the day more than 15% higher.
Many of those investors couldn't wait to get their hands on TTM shares that day, as the company unveiled those solid results just after market close on Wednesday. It revealed that net sales ballooned by 30% year over year to $846 million, setting a fresh all-time company record. 
Image source: Getty Images.
Another historic high was set by net income not under generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). This rocketed 52% higher to just over $80 million, or $0.75 per share. 
Analysts weren't expecting the tech company to hit these peaks. Their consensus estimates for sales and non-GAAP (adjusted) profitability were $787 million and $0.67 per share, respectively. 
This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating
Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason.
In its earnings release, TTM attributed the considerable gains to continued and strong demand from the data center and networking end markets. This, in turn, comes from the sustained momentum of build-outs to accommodate artificial intelligence (AI) technology.
For its current (second) quarter, TTM is guiding for net sales of $930 million to $970 million, and adjusted net income per share ranging from $0.82 to $0.88. These trounce the average pundit projections, which are $822.5 million and $0.74, respectively.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 979%* — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 200% for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now, available when you join Stock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 30, 2026. 
For the full year, it wrote only that growth in the second half of the year will match that of the first half.
TTM is one of a clutch of previously under-the-radar component suppliers feeding the near-frenzied expansion of AI capabilities. I see little reason why demand for AI infrastructure should wane anytime soon, so this stock feels like a very solid play on this long-term trend.

 


Before you buy stock in TTM Technologies, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and TTM Technologies wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $496,797!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,282,815!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 979% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 200% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 30, 2026. 

Eric Volkman has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 35 Amazons.
What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating
Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends