Title: You'll Never Guess Which Healthcare Stock Delivered the Best First-Quarter Performance in the S&P 500.
Date: 2026-04-07 09:30
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/07/youll-never-guess-which-healthcare-stock-delivered/?.tsrc=rss
------------------------------
Could this player be heading into a new era of growth?
The first quarter was a difficult one for the S&P 500 and for investors as a variety of concerns circulated -- from worries about the revenue potential of artificial intelligence (AI) companies to the pressures of turmoil in Iran. All of this pushed many investors to avoid AI players and other growth stocks and turn to companies seen as stable parts of the economy -- such as healthcare businesses.
While many industries struggled in recent weeks, a variety of healthcare stocks soared -- from pharma giant Johnson & Johnson to dialysis services provider DaVita Inc. But you'll never guess which healthcare stock delivered the best first-quarter performance in the S&P 500. It's a company that's been through ups and downs in recent years, but could be heading for a whole new era of growth. Let's zoom in for a close look -- and consider whether the positive momentum may last. 
Image source: Getty Images.
The company I'm talking about is Moderna (MRNA +3.97%) -- it soared 72% in the first quarter, the best performance among healthcare companies in the S&P 500. What's particularly impressive here is that this marks a clear shift in investor sentiment regarding Moderna. The company soared in the early days of the pandemic as it developed a coronavirus vaccine, brought the product -- its first -- to market, and generated blockbuster revenue. But in later stages of the crisis, as demand for vaccines slipped, Moderna's earnings and stock performance followed. 
And for the past few years, despite Moderna's efforts to turn things around, many investors have avoided the stock.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
So, what's prompted the recent optimism? As investors shifted out of stocks that have soared in recent years, they looked for new opportunities -- stocks that haven't performed very well but could generate growth in the quarters or years to come. And that led them to Moderna.
The company has a plan that sets it squarely on the path to transitioning from a coronavirus vaccine player to a biotech with strengths across many areas -- from infectious disease prevention to oncology and rare disease therapeutics. Moderna today generates revenue from two coronavirus vaccines and a respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) vaccine and has submitted a flu candidate to regulators for review. The company expects revenue from this franchise, which may also eventually include a combined flu/covid vaccine and a norovirus vaccine, to fund its oncology and rare disease programs.  
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name. 
The company predicts that seasonal vaccines will deliver up to 10% revenue growth this year, and the positive momentum will continue throughout this decade. Moderna is also keeping a tight grip on costs, having reduced them by 30% since 2024. Last year, the company delivered more than $2 billion in cost savings. And the biotech has more than $8 billion in cash, which is another source of support for its pipeline.
Meanwhile, Moderna is making significant progress in the area of oncology with a total of eight phase 2 and phase 3 trials ongoing across tumor types for mRNA-4157. This is a collaboration with Merck and the pharma giant's blockbuster Keytruda. Moderna may report phase 3 melanoma data this year.  
Success here could be big since Merck already has a significant position in the oncology market, so doctors working with Keytruda may be interested in the combination with an eventual Moderna drug.
And with a full pipeline spanning many treatment areas, even if Moderna experiences some setbacks, the company is well-positioned for success in the years to come.
Now, let's return to our question: Could Moderna's shares maintain their positive momentum? It's impossible to predict short-term stock performance, but it's fair to say that Moderna has the elements that may attract investors' attention: The company has commercialized products that ensure a certain level of revenue, and it has a solid pipeline that includes several late-stage candidates. This pipeline strength is paving the way for a new era of growth -- one that isn't dependent on a pandemic.
All of this suggests that Moderna, regardless of short-term performance, could be a winner for investors over the long haul.
Before you buy stock in Moderna, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Moderna wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $532,929!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,091,848!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 928% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 186% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2026. 
Adria Cimino has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Merck and Moderna. The Motley Fool recommends Johnson & Johnson. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 35 Amazons.
What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool