Title:   ServiceNow expands AI agent governance through deeper integration with Microsoft
Date:    2026-05-05 16-59
URL:     https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/technology/articles/servicenow-expands-ai-agent-governance-165900512.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap. Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin) Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know. Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week. April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation. Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower' The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it) Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience' Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press) Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war. If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans. The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020 The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year. Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed Powell holds what is expected to be his final press conference as chair after the Fed keeps rates steady Fed holds interest rates steady with no end to Iran war in sight Elon Musk testified again in the OpenAI trial, describing his behavior at the company and its nonprofit 'halo' A Senate committee confirmed Kevin Warsh, sending his nomination to be chairman of the Fed to the full Senate Stocks slipped at the open as investors awaited a Fed decision and Big Tech earnings The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1 The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings. The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs. ServiceNow extends AI Control Tower governance across the Microsoft Agent 365 ecosystem ServiceNow AI specialists on Microsoft Agent 365 Marketplace will bring the company’s Autonomous Workforce to the tools employees use daily LAS VEGAS, May 05, 2026--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Knowledge 2026 — ServiceNow (NYSE: NOW), the AI control tower for business reinvention, today announced an expansion of its strategic partnership with Microsoft that brings order to the chaos of AI agent sprawl. The partnership includes a deepened product integration between ServiceNow AI Control Tower and Microsoft Agent 365, extending AI Control Tower’s existing governance across Azure-backed Microsoft Foundry and Copilot Studio to Microsoft Agent 365’s AI agent ecosystem. ServiceNow AI specialists will also be available in the Microsoft Agent 365 Marketplace, allowing the ServiceNow Autonomous Workforce to operate across the Microsoft 365 tools that employees use. Governing AI agents is critical, now more than ever, as enterprises accelerate their deployment of agentic technology across systems, teams, and tools at unprecedented speed. Realizing the full value of this investment requires a unified approach to governance, identity and permission management, and control that spans every platform across which AI agents operate. ServiceNow is working with partners like Microsoft to give enterprises the visibility to see AI agents, models, tools, and prompts in their environment, which gives them the control to govern them consistently and the interoperability to put them to work across the tools employees already use. "ServiceNow and Microsoft are helping organizations maximize value from every AI investment," said Jon Sigler, executive vice president and general manager, AI Platform at ServiceNow. "With this expanded integration, customers can securely apply governance across ServiceNow and Microsoft environments with integrated visibility and controls, while putting ServiceNow Autonomous Workforce to work across the Microsoft 365 environment. This is an example of what it means to put AI to work at enterprise scale, with the trust and interoperability that business transformation requires." "One of the most important things we can do for enterprises is bring intelligence and action together in a secure, connected way," said Charles Lamanna, executive vice president, Copilot, Agents, and Platform at Microsoft. "That’s why we’re excited to collaborate with ServiceNow, bringing their AI expertise into Microsoft 365 to add workflow intelligence on top of that secure foundation. Together, we’re helping customers act on insights more quickly and drive meaningful outcomes across their business processes." Unified control for a multi-agent enterprise ServiceNow AI Control Tower already connects to Microsoft Foundry and Copilot Studio to discover AI assets, enforce governance policies, and drive consistent oversight. The new AI Control Tower integration with Microsoft Agent 365 expands these capabilities by extending visibility and governance insights across Microsoft Agent 365’s AI agent ecosystem. This gives IT and operations teams enhanced visibility into agent activity across ServiceNow and Microsoft ecosystems, regardless of where these agents were built or deployed. Through the integration, ServiceNow AI Control Tower gives administrators the ability to review and approve ServiceNow AI specialists prior to submission to the Microsoft Agent 365 Marketplace, where Microsoft publishing and policy controls apply. This helps ensure that every ServiceNow AI specialist that interoperates with the Microsoft 365 environment has been vetted, permissioned, and authorized for deployment. ServiceNow AI specialists come to work across Microsoft 365 applications In the Microsoft Agent 365 Marketplace, a ServiceNow AI specialist will appear in the org chart as a digital employee with defined roles, permissions, and accountability. This allows the AI specialists to be able to take actions such as drafting a Word document, responding to email messages in Outlook, or acting on an assigned comment in PowerPoint, subject to Microsoft 365 permissions, identify, and admin policy controls, while consumption is tracked across both ServiceNow’s and Microsoft's metered usage models. Years of innovation for one autonomous future Today's announcement builds on years of collaboration between ServiceNow and Microsoft on behalf of enterprise customers, spanning cloud infrastructure, productivity, and AI. This is the next step in that shared commitment to making enterprise AI governable, interoperable, and scalable. In addition to the integrations announced today and as part of their ongoing partnership, ServiceNow and Microsoft are expanding their go-to-market motion to include autonomous IT. This combines ServiceNow's AI specialists and workflow intelligence with Microsoft's cloud infrastructure and productivity ecosystem to deliver governed, autonomous IT operations to mutual customers at scale. The AI Control Tower and Microsoft Agent 365 integration is available in preview, and ServiceNow AI specialists will be available in Microsoft Agent 365 Marketplace later this year. Learn more about how ServiceNow is expanding its Autonomous Workforce of AI Specialists to major business functions at Knowledge 2026 here, and how it’s introducing new AI Control Tower capabilities to further discover, observe, govern, secure, and measure AI deployed across the enterprise here. About ServiceNow ServiceNow (NYSE: NOW) is the AI control tower for business reinvention. The ServiceNow AI Platform integrates with any cloud, any model, and any data source to orchestrate how work flows across the enterprise. By unifying legacy systems, departmental tools, cloud applications, and AI agents, ServiceNow provides a single pane of glass that connects intelligence to execution across every corner of business. With more than 100 billion workflows running on the platform each year, ServiceNow helps organizations turn fragmented operations into coordinated, autonomous workflows that deliver measurable results. Learn how ServiceNow puts AI to work for people at www.servicenow.com. Forward-looking statements This press release contains "forward-looking statements" about the expectations, beliefs, plans, and intentions relating to ServiceNow AI specialist availability in Microsoft Agent 365 Marketplace. Such statements include statements regarding future product capabilities and offerings and expected benefits to ServiceNow. Forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties and are based on potentially inaccurate assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected or implied by the forward-looking statements. If any such risks or uncertainties materialize or if any of the assumptions prove incorrect, ServiceNow’s results could differ materially from the results expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements made. ServiceNow undertakes no obligation, and does not intend, to update the forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in any forward-looking statements include: (i) delays and unexpected difficulties and expenses in executing the product capabilities and offerings, (ii) changes in the regulatory landscape related to AI and (iii) uncertainty as to whether sales will justify the investments in the product capabilities and offerings. Further information on factors that could affect ServiceNow’s financial and other results is included in the filings ServiceNow makes with the Securities and Exchange Commission from time to time. © 2026 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, Now, and other ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc. in the United States and/or other countries. Other company names, product names, and logos may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated. View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20260505065536/en/ Contacts Media Contact Katlyn Hirokawa408.489.7381press@servicenow.com Weʼre unable to load stories right now. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
