Title:   CoreWeave: The Backbone of the AI Revolution
Date:    2026-05-05 14-23
URL:     https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/technology/articles/coreweave-backbone-ai-revolution-142300862.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap. Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin) Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know. Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week. April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation. Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower' The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it) Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience' Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press) Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war. If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans. The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020 The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year. Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed Powell holds what is expected to be his final press conference as chair after the Fed keeps rates steady Fed holds interest rates steady with no end to Iran war in sight Elon Musk testified again in the OpenAI trial, describing his behavior at the company and its nonprofit 'halo' A Senate committee confirmed Kevin Warsh, sending his nomination to be chairman of the Fed to the full Senate Stocks slipped at the open as investors awaited a Fed decision and Big Tech earnings The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1 The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings. The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs. By now, Wall Street investors are well aware of the race for artificial intelligence supremacy among America’s most decorated big tech companies. In late 2022, the AI race jump-started when OpenAI (which partnered with Microsoft (MSFT) released ChatGPT. Within months, the ChatGPT large language model (LLM) became the fastest-growing consumer application in history, surpassing the leaders of the internet boom. However, after OpenAI started with a commanding lead, other big tech companies like Alphabet (GOOGL) (Gemini) have optimized their platforms, invested billions in CAPEX, and are playing catch-up. How will the cutthroat AI LLM race end? Like the internet mania of the late 1990s, the ultimate LLM leaders will be difficult to predict. For instance, Yahoo! was once the dominant internet search provider until Google came along. Netscape Navigator dominated the web browser domain before Microsoft’s Internet Explorer surpassed it. Although picking the ultimate leader in the LLM race will undoubtedly be lucrative for investors, it is not necessary in order to cash in on the AI revolution. Instead, investors can vie for the “pick and shovels” plays. Remember, during the California Gold Rush of the mid-19th century, the merchants who sold picks, shovels, and jeans to gold miners often made more more consistent profits than the miners themselves. Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) company CoreWeave (CRWV) was initially a bitcoin mining company. However, amid the FTX collapse and a brutal bear, the company was forced to pivot and focus on AI data centers in 2019. Whether the pivot was due to luck or foresight, it came at the right time, allowing CoreWeave to be a first mover in the red-hot AI infrastructure space. CoreWeave differentiates itself from legacy, general cloud providers like“Google Cloud” and Amazon (AMZN) “Web Services” because it provides a specialized AI-native cloud infrastructure instead of general-purpose architectures. Additionally, CoreWeave’s high-performance computing (HPC) solutions are streamlined specifically to work well with NVIDIA’s (NVDA) industry-leading graphics processing units (GPUs) used to train AI models. Additionally, as the AI revolution shifts from chatbots to physical and agentic AI, the demand for low-latency specialized compute will scale in a hockey-stick-like fashion. The latest guidance from leading big tech companies suggests that 2026 will see a staggering $750 billion in AI CAPEX spend. Meanwhile, AI CAPEX spending is expected to soar to over at least $1 trillion by 2027. Image Source: Apollo CoreWeave provides the AI infrastructure layer for some of the fastest-growing and well-funded AI companies, including OpenAI and Anthropic. CRWV has grown revenues at a staggering triple-digit pace for 5 consecutive quarters. Meanwhile, Zacks Consensus Estimates suggest that the triple-digit revenue will continue through this year. Image Source: Zacks Investment Research CoreWeave is on track to double its active capacity to over 1.7 gigawatts (GW) by the end of 2026. Key, multi-billion-dollar partnerships with companies like OpenAI ensure that demand will remain strong for the foreseeable future (CRWV has a $67 billion backlog). Meanwhile, a recent $6 billion investment from Jane Street and a $1 billion debt financing raise ensure that CRWV will be able to meet the insatiable demand. Image Source: Zacks Investment Research CRWV Quarterly Bull Flag Ahead of Earnings CoreWeave will report Q1 EPS on Thursday, May 7th. The earnings report may act as a catalyst for the stock, especially since it is forming a picture-perfect quarterly bull flag pattern. Image Source: TradingView Bottom Line As we look toward CoreWeave’s Q1 earnings report this Thursday, May 7th, the company finds itself at the epicenter of a historic capital cycle. While the "cat-and-mouse" game for LLM supremacy continues between Alphabet and Microsoft, the underlying demand for specialized, low-latency compute remains insatiable. With a "picture-perfect" bull flag pattern on the charts and fresh multi-billion-dollar commitments from the likes of Meta, CoreWeave is proving that in a digital gold rush, the most consistent gains often belong to those who own the infrastructure. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) : Free Stock Analysis Report Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) : Free Stock Analysis Report NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) : Free Stock Analysis Report Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) : Free Stock Analysis Report CoreWeave Inc. (CRWV) : Free Stock Analysis Report This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com). Zacks Investment Research Weʼre unable to load stories right now. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
