Title:   Alphabet Returns to Euro Debt Market for Latest AI Megabond Deal
Date:    2026-05-05 14-21
URL:     https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/alphabet-kicks-off-six-part-063629225.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap. Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin) Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know. Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week. April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation. Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower' The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it) Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience' Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press) Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war. If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans. The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020 The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year. Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed Powell holds what is expected to be his final press conference as chair after the Fed keeps rates steady Fed holds interest rates steady with no end to Iran war in sight Elon Musk testified again in the OpenAI trial, describing his behavior at the company and its nonprofit 'halo' A Senate committee confirmed Kevin Warsh, sending his nomination to be chairman of the Fed to the full Senate Stocks slipped at the open as investors awaited a Fed decision and Big Tech earnings The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1 The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings. The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs. (Bloomberg) -- Alphabet Inc. is selling its biggest-ever euro-denominated bond and tapping the Canadian dollar debt market for the first time just months after record-breaking deals in other currencies, showing the huge funding needs of its ambitions in artificial intelligence. Most Read from Bloomberg US Has Opened a Passage Through Hormuz, Central Command Says China’s Rare Sanctions Pushback Leaves Banks Caught in Crossfire US and Iran Trade Fire in Gulf, Jolting Four-Week-Old Truce Apple Explores Using Intel and Samsung to Build Main Device Chips in the US Iran Fires Missiles at UAE in First Attack Since Ceasefire The Google parent is set to raise €9 billion ($10.5 billion) in euro bonds, according to people with knowledge of the matter. That’s Alphabet’s biggest ever deal in the currency. The sale, which spans six tranches, drew more than €18.3 billion of bids, down from €25.2 billion earlier, they said, asking not to be identified because details are private. The firm also kicked off a debut sale in Canadian dollars, seeking C$3 billion ($2.2 billion) to C$5 billion in four tranches with maturities ranging from five to 30 years, the people said. Initial price talk on the longest tranche is for a spread of 1.15 percentage point above the benchmark. The euro and Canadian dollar deals come just months after the company sold nearly $32 billion of dollar, sterling and Swiss franc-denominated debt. Alphabet didn’t respond to a request for comment on the bond sales. Alphabet said last week that it’s planning capital expenditures of as much as $190 billion this year as it invests heavily in data centers critical to its AI goals. Proceeds from Tuesday’s offering will be used for general corporate purposes, which may include the repayment of outstanding debt, the person with knowledge of the deal said. Alphabet, along with Meta Platforms Inc., Microsoft Corp and Amazon.com Inc. are planning to spend as much as $725 billion this year on AI data center equipment and other capital, increasing their earlier projections. “These companies are going to become a bigger and bigger part of the bond market, just like they did in the equity market,” said Ian Horn, a portfolio manager at Muzinich & Co Ltd, speaking about cloud-computing firms in general. Alphabet’s previous bond sale in February raised $20 billion in its biggest-ever US dollar bond sale — more than the $15 billion initially expected, after racking up orders that peaked at $103 billion. It also sold debut deals in Switzerland and the UK, including a rare sale of 100-year bonds — marking the first time a tech company has priced such an offering since the dot-com frenzy of the late 1990s. Still, with around $300 billion of various types of AI debt already sold, some more recent deals to fund cloud computing capacity have shown signs of investor fatigue, with bankers having to offer more incentives and higher compensation to investors who are spoiled for choice. Meta Platforms Inc. priced a $25 billion bond sale on April 30 as its shares suffered their biggest decline in six months on concern that its AI spending may not generate returns. Nearly all of the six portions of the deal were priced at higher risk premiums than an October sale by the Facebook parent, signaling that investors are demanding more compensation, while peak orders were also lower than in the prior sale. Alphabet is paying more to issue its latest euro bonds, with tranches pricing wider than in November at the same maturities. Meanwhile, the company offered an average new-issue concession of 8.8 basis points across the six tranches, compared with 7.8 basis points on its previous deal, according to Bloomberg calculations. There are concerns about how the bond issuance will be absorbed by the market and “you’re getting paid for that, but it’s not reflective necessarily of the credit fundamentals,” Muzinich’s Horn said. “That could be a nice opportunity to add spread without really having to go to riskier names.” Alphabet’s latest euro-currency offering is being arranged by Barclays Plc, BNP Paribas SA, Deutsche Bank AG and HSBC Holdings Plc. Bank of Nova Scotia, Royal Bank of Canada and Toronto-Dominion Bank are running the Canadian dollar deal. RBC declined to comment, while Bank of Nova Scotia and Toronto-Dominion Bank didn’t immediately respond to requests for comment. S&P Global Ratings assigned the proposed euro and Canadian dollar deal an AA+ rating, according to a statement. --With assistance from Tasos Vossos, Olga Voitova, Ying Luthra, Hannah Benjamin-Cook and Chunzi Xu. (Updates with pricing details in 11th paragraph) Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek America’s Go-To Autism Therapy Is Also the Most Controversial The Risky Pivot Inside Australia’s Pension System Whatnot Has Americans Hooked on Livestream Shopping Running America’s Second-Busiest Airport in Turbulent Times It’s Boating Season, But Only If You Can Afford Fuel ©2026 Bloomberg L.P. Weʼre unable to load stories right now. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
