Title: ASML lifts 2026 forecast as surging AI chip demand boosts new orders
Date: 2026-04-15 05:09
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/technology/articles/asml-lifts-2026-outlook-on-the-back-of-stronger-ai-demand-050944689.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled
Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher
US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI
JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks'
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading
The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride.
Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started.
Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks
Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg)
Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week
Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be.
Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher
Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO
What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings
The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey.
Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026.
Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains.
Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire
US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October.
US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge
Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite
Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now
Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation.
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
By Nathan Vifflin and Toby Sterling
AMSTERDAM, April 15 (Reuters) - ASML, the world's largest supplier of chipmaking tools, on Wednesday reported stronger-than-expected first-quarter earnings and lifted its 2026 revenue outlook as artificial intelligence boosts demand for its ‌equipment.
The stronger forecast reinforces ASML's position as sole provider of the EUV lithography tools needed to print cutting-edge AI ‌chips for firms like Nvidia, even as it points to potential bottlenecks as demand for computing capacity in data centres soars.
"Demand for chips is outpacing supply," CEO ​Christophe Fouquet said in a statement, adding ASML has seen an influx of new orders in the past quarter as a result. "Our customers are accelerating their capacity expansion plans for 2026 and beyond."
ASML LIFTS REVENUE FORECAST
The Veldhoven, Netherlands-based firm, Europe's most valuable by market capitalisation, said 2026 revenue will now be between 36 billion and 40 billion euros ($42 billion-$47 billion), up from 34 billion to 39 billion euros ‌previously.
Analysts had forecast the figure at 37.7 billion ⁠euros, LSEG data show.
Investors say they view ASML as a "picks-and-shovels" play on AI, as it supplies key equipment to chipmakers such as TSMC, which in turn produces processors for Nvidia and Apple.
ASML's shares have ⁠risen 40% so far this year amid the rapid construction of data centres and a shortage of memory chips, both of which contribute to demand for ASML products. However, some analysts see its valuation as already high.
The shares were seen slipping marginally in pre-market trading on Wednesday.
ASML ​AIMS ​TO SHIP 25% MORE OF ITS BESTSELLING TOOLS IN 2026
The new guidance ​increases 2026 sales estimates by 4%, Degroof Petercam analyst ‌Michael Roeg said, adding that ASML's management has "smiles on their faces".
Addressing potential concerns about ASML's ability to keep up with demand, CFO Roger Dassen said the company should be able to ship 60 of its bestselling low-NA EUV tools in 2026 - 25% more than in 2025 - and will have capacity to ship 80 in 2027.
ASML is the only maker of these EUV, or extreme ultraviolet lithography tools, which can cost $300 million each and use lasers to create the tiny circuitry of advanced chips. Other top ASML customers ‌include Samsung and SK Hynix of South Korea.
First-quarter earnings were 2.76 billion euros ​on sales of 8.76 billion euros. That was up from 2.36 billion ​euros on sales of 7.74 billion euros in the first ​quarter of 2025.
One shadow hanging over the firm is the possibility of new restrictions on ASML's ability ‌to ship tools to China proposed by U.S. Congress ​in legislation called the "MATCH Act".
"The ​upside seems to be coming mainly in immersion lithography, where ASML was previously expecting a decline due to a fall in China sales, but is now expecting an almost flattish trend," said Jefferies analyst Janardan Menon in a note.
"This could ​partially reflect MATCH Act-related accelerated buying" by ‌Chinese customers, he said.
In a discussion of the results, CFO Dassen said ASML's new guidance takes account of "potential outcomes ​of the export control discussions that are currently ongoing."
($1 = 0.8483 euros)
(Reporting by Toby Sterling in Amsterdam, Nathan Vifflin ​in Gdansk; Editing by Milla Nissi-Prussak, Adam Jourdan and Jan Harvey)
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
