Title:   Here's Why Delta Air Lines (NYSE:DAL) Has Caught The Eye Of Investors
Date:    2026-04-12
URL:     https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/heres-why-delta-air-lines-120013167.html?.tsrc=rss
--Article Content--
Oops, something went wrong
Investors are often guided by the idea of discovering 'the next big thing', even if that means buying 'story stocks' without any revenue, let alone profit. Unfortunately, these high risk investments often have little probability of ever paying off, and many investors pay a price to learn their lesson. Loss-making companies are always racing against time to reach financial sustainability, so investors in these companies may be taking on more risk than they should.
If this kind of company isn't your style, you like companies that generate revenue, and even earn profits, then you may well be interested inDelta Air Lines(NYSE:DAL). Even if this company is fairly valued by the market, investors would agree that generating consistent profits will continue to provide Delta Air Lines with the means to add long-term value to shareholders.
Trump has pledged to "unleash" American oil and gas and these 15 US stocks have developments that are poised to benefit.
If you believe that markets are even vaguely efficient, then over the long term you'd expect a company's share price to follow its earnings per share (EPS) outcomes. That means EPS growth is considered a real positive by most successful long-term investors. It certainly is nice to see that Delta Air Lines has managed to grow EPS by 32% per year over three years. As a general rule, we'd say that if a company can keep upthatsort of growth, shareholders will be beaming.
One way to double-check a company's growth is to look at how its revenue, and earnings before interest and tax (EBIT) margins are changing. It's noted that Delta Air Lines' revenuefrom operationswas lower than its revenue in the last twelve months, so that could distort our analysis of its margins. EBIT margins for Delta Air Lines remained fairly unchanged over the last year, however the company should be pleased to report its revenue growth for the period of 5.2% to US$65b. That's a real positive.
In the chart below, you can see how the company has grown earnings and revenue, over time. For finer detail, click on the image.
See our latest analysis for Delta Air Lines
The trick, as an investor, is to find companies that aregoing toperform well in the future, not just in the past. While crystal balls don't exist, you can checkour visualization of consensus analyst forecasts for Delta Air Lines' future EPS100% free.
We would not expect to see insiders owning a large percentage of a US$44b company like Delta Air Lines. But thanks to their investment in the company, it's pleasing to see that there are still incentives to align their actions with the shareholders. Notably, they have an enviable stake in the company, worth US$248m. We note that this amounts to 0.6% of the company, which may be small owing to the sheer size of Delta Air Lines but it's still worth mentioning. So despite their percentage holding being low, company management still have plenty of reasons to deliver the best outcomes for investors.
If you believe that share price follows earnings per share you should definitely be delving further into Delta Air Lines' strong EPS growth. This EPS growth rate is something the company should be proud of, and so it's no surprise that insiders are holding on to a considerable chunk of shares. On the balance of its merits, solid EPS growth and company insiders who are aligned with the shareholders would indicate a business that is worthy of further research. What about risks? Every company has them, and we've spotted2 warning signs for Delta Air Linesyou should know about.
While opting for stocks without growing earnings and absent insider buying can yield results, for investors valuing these key metrics, here isa carefully selected list of companies in the US with promising growth potential and insider confidence.
Please note the insider transactions discussed in this article refer to reportable transactions in the relevant jurisdiction.
Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content?Get in touchwith us directly.Alternatively, email editorial-team (at) simplywallst.com.This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature.We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice.It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock, and does not take account of your objectives, or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.