Title:   Delta's Double Miss Is a Warning for Airline Stocks
Date:    2026-04-13
URL:     https://www.marketbeat.com/originals/deltas-double-miss-is-a-warning-for-airline-stocks/?utm_source=yahoofinance&utm_medium=yahoofinance&.tsrc=rss
--Article Content--
Delta AirlinesNYSE: DALreported Q1 2026 earnings on Wednesday, April 8, announcing a double miss.
In hisearnings call comments, CEO Ed Bastian noted the role that “the significant step-up in fuel” played, while acknowledging that the airline faces “several external headwinds.”
Those headwinds include the fallout from the Iran war, and more specifically, the closure of the Strait of Hormuz, which has disrupted global supply chains for the spectrum of the fossil fuel industry, leading to adramatic uptick in crude oil prices. Specific to the aviation industry,jet fuel priceshave seen a 132% year-over-year (YOY) increase.
Delta’s earnings and revenue misses should come as a warning to thetransportation industry, which falls into the broaderindustrials sector, as elevated input costs are likely to erode the profit margins of companies heavily reliant on oil. They also put the spotlight on a familiar airline risk: when jet fuel surges, even solid demand can get overshadowed.
The Q1 results weren’t all bad news for shareholders, though. Bastian pointed to earnings that were 40% higher YOY—consistent with Delta’s guidance at the beginning of the year—as well as record revenue, which increased more than 9% YOY.
But some of the disappointing facets were more difficult to overlook than others. Despite record quarterly revenue, Delta has seen diminishedYOY annual revenue growthevery year since 2021, falling from nearly 75% to just 2.79% in 2025.
Whileearnings per share(EPS) of 64 cents missed analyst expectations by 6 cents, revenue of $14.20 billion missed the consensus by more than $497 million, fueling concerns about the company’s ability to rebound revenue growth in 2026.
The company attributes the quarterly misses to short-term headwinds. According to Delta, the conflict in the Middle East sent jet fuel assumptions for Q2 to about $4.30 per gallon, which is roughly double the price it was in Q2 2025. As a result, the airline expects to add more than $2 billion in incremental fuel expenses during the current quarter.
Delta says it plans to capture between 40% to 50% of that fuel headwind, which is notable given how Bastian referred to the spike in jet fuel prices as “unprecedented” during his comments.
That could offset up to $300 million in jet fuel overhead through its vertically integrated refinery. The company is the only U.S.-based airline to own its own refining operations. Delta acquired the Trainer Refinery fromPhillips 66NYSE: PSXin 2012 to secure its fuel supply, better manage fuel price volatility, and directly produce jet fuel for its fleet.
In his comments, Bastain added that the company’s focus “is on what we can control. Running a reliable operation, taking care of our people and customers, and protecting our margins and cash flow.”
In that vein, the company issuedcautiously optimistic Q2 guidance, including:
YOY revenue %: Low-teens
Operating margin: 6% to 8%
EPS: $1.00 per share to $1.50 per share
With a forward price-to-earnings ratio of 8.93, Delta’s EPS is expected to grow nearly 9% over the next year, from $7.63 to $8.28. Those expectations are bolstered by an initiative to advance the airline’s fleet modernization, which entails 95 new aircraft orders, following eight new aircraft deliveries in Q1.
Despite the double miss in its Q1 earnings report, Delta is still in Wall Street’s favor, with 24 of 26 analysts currently covering the stock assigning it a Buy rating. Overall, shares of DAL receive aModerate Buy rating.
The stock carries a consensus 12-month price target of $79.14, which implies more than 16% potential upside from current prices. That prospective performance would place it above its 52-week high of $76.39.
Meanwhile,current short interestof 3.7% suggests that Wall Street’s bears do not expect sizable downside price action in the near term. Last month, $971 million worth of DAL shares were shorted, notably down from the five-year high of $2.27 billion worth of shares shorted in December 2024.
Additionally,institutional ownershiphas proven robust over the past 12 months, with 915 buyers outnumbering 554 sellers, and inflows of $6.41 billion marginally surpassing outflows of $4 billion.
Before you consider Delta Air Lines, you'll want to hear this.
MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified thefive stocksthat top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Delta Air Lines wasn't on the list.
While Delta Air Lines currently has a Moderate Buy rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.
View The Five Stocks Here
Learn the basics of options trading and how to use them to boost returns and manage risk with this free report from MarketBeat. Click the link below to get your free copy.
Sign up for MarketBeat All Access to gain access to MarketBeat's full suite of research tools.
We and our partners share information on your use of this website to help improve your experience. For more information, or to opt out click the Do Not Sell My Information button below.