Title: Bill Gates Once Called Tesla's Semi Truck Impractical, But Gavin Newsom May Need Elon Musk's All-Electric Hauler To Bolster Clean Energy Bid
Date: 2026-05-03 16:30
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/technology/articles/bill-gates-once-called-teslas-163044705.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Microsoft Corpco-founderBill GatesdeemedElon Musk‘s vision of producing theTesla Inc.Semi Truck as impractical, but the saleable version of the all-electric truck just entered mass production. On Thursday, influencerSawyer Merrittposted on the social media platform, recounting how Gates had been bearish about the Tesla Semi. “Welp, today Tesla officially started mass production of their Semi truck, and it very much works lol,” Merritt said in the post. Six years ago, Bill Gates said that an electric Semi truck would never work, and that they aren't practical.Welp, today Tesla officially started mass production of their Semi truck, and it very much works lol.https://t.co/A7LqsDU7KT — Sawyer Merritt (@SawyerMerritt)April 29, 2026 Don't Miss: A single bad hire can set a startup back years. Here are the 5 hires founders most often misjudge — and why Still Learning the Market?These 50 Must-Know Terms Can Help You Catch Up Fast Notably, relations between Gates and Musk soured after it was revealed in 2022 that the philanthropist held a short position against the automaker. Musk had, in 2024, shared that Tesla would obliterate all shorts once it solves autonomy and ramps up Optimus production. On the other hand, relations between Musk and GovernorGavin Newsom(D-CA) have also been tense, with the Governor calling Musk one of the “great disappointments” in an interview in March. Newsom also reiterated that it was California’s favorable policies that helped Musk’s businesses grow. Musk, on the other hand, has criticized Newsom in the past, with the Tesla CEO most recently taking a swipe at the Governor over California’s one-time billionaire wealth tax. Musk has also slammed theCalifornia High Speed Rail projectfrom Los Angeles to San Francisco, accusing the project of being riddled with fraud. See Also:Avoid the #1 Investing Mistake: How Your ‘Safe' Holdings Could Be Costing You Big Time However, with the Semi, the two could potentially need to set their differences aside, as the all-electric hauler could be the key to help California achieve its clean energy and transportation goals after PresidentDonald Trumpaxed its EV mandate, Inc. reported on Thursday. The Semi’s $290,000 price is almost half of its diesel-powered rivals, while its touted range of 500 miles also exceeds its rivals. Still, the report said that officials have cautioned against letting Tesla dominate the sector. On the Tesla front, the Semi could provide a boost for the company as sales have dwindled in the U.S. amid shrinking EV demand and a less-than-favorable policy environment. Photo courtesy: Alexandros Michailidis on Shutterstock Read Next: Skip the Regrets: The Essential Retirement Tips Experts Wish Everyone Knew Earlier. Thinking about ETFs? See what investment risks you should be aware of before you buy. UNLOCKED: 5 NEW TRADES EVERY WEEK.Click now to get top trade ideas daily, plus unlimited access to cutting-edge tools and strategies to gain an edge in the markets. Get the latest stock analysis from Benzinga: APPLE (AAPL): Free Stock Analysis Report TESLA (TSLA): Free Stock Analysis Report
