Title: 'It's a boom': Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade
Date: 2026-05-03 13:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/article/its-a-boom-wall-street-sees-more-market-gains-as-strong-earnings-fuel-the-ai-trade-130032453.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
It’s all about the earnings. As stocks sit near record highs and the S&P 500 (^GSPC) caps its best month since November 2020, Wall Street is pointing to earnings, especially within the AI trade, as a key driver of further market gains. “It’s a boom,” said Andrew Graham of Jackson Square Capital. “It’s really hard for the market to go down when you have double-digit earnings growth,“ referring to an expected 15.1% earnings growth for the first quarter. How are rising memory chip costs affecting tech companies? How is AI investment driving current stock market gains? What investment strategies do analysts recommend for AI? What earnings growth is supporting the market rally? The latest scorecard gives reason for optimism. As of late April, 84% of the companies that have reported earnings showed a positive earnings surprise, according to FactSet data. With higher corporate earnings, “we are still riding the rails on the Roaring 2020s Express. Nothing seems to stop or derail this train,” veteran strategist Ed Yardeni said in a client note on Friday. Increased capital expenditures on AI fromMicrosoft(MSFT),Amazon(AMZN),Meta Platforms(META), andAlphabet(GOOG,GOOGL) are helping fuel virtually every corner of the AI trade. Even equipment maker Caterpillar (CAT)hit record highs last weekamid surging sales for its power and energy engines and industrial turbines for data centers. All that spending is also seeping into economic data. Business investmentsin the first quarterwere the primary driver of real gross domestic product. It contributed more to the 2% GDP expansion than consumer spending, the traditional engine of the economy, according to data from the US Bureau of Economic Analysis. With oil above $100 and the Strait of Hormuz still closed amid a US-Iran standoff, AI investment may be one of the key forces holding the economy together. “I think we’d be likely in a recession already if not for the AI investment driven boom,” Moody’s Analytics chief economist Mark Zandi told Yahoo Finance on Friday. He noted businesses are also benefiting from tax incentives for investments. Still, stock reactions within Big Tech players have been mixed as investors weigh strong results against rising spending, particularly with Meta. The social media giant, along with Microsoft and Apple, flagged rising costs for memory chips, which are needed for everything from data centers to laptops. “Memory that everyone needs in the technology space is now skyrocketing in price. How long can companies negotiate this? They’ve been doing an amazing job. The answer is not forever, so we can’t get complacent,” Tom Essaye, founder of Sevens Report Research, told Yahoo Finance. UBS analysts continue to see stocks higher this year, with a target of 7,500 by the end of 2026, pared in April from 7,600 due to higher energy prices. Strategists still see an upside to the AI trade but recommend investors diversify beyond megacap tech names. “We would also consider using periods of strength in large-cap tech to rebalance away from concentrated exposure and toward a wider set of AI beneficiaries,” wrote Ulrike Hoffmann-Burchardi, global head of equities at UBS wealth management. “We favor a balanced approach to AI across the enabling, intelligence, and application layers, including semiconductors and chip-making equipment, power and resources, infrastructure,” she wrote. Even the beaten-down iShares Expanded Tech-Software Sector ETF (IGV), which rebounded about 5% in April, was added to Fundstrat’s top sector on Friday. “AI is a threat to many business models, and the software sector will need to evolve- but the best software companies will dynamically adjust and arguably leverage AI,” Tom Lee wrote on Friday. “We are not calling for a V-shaped recovery for software stocks,” he added. “But the setup is favorable.” Ines Ferre is a senior business reporter for Yahoo Finance. Follow her on X at@ines_ferre. Click here for the latest technology news that will impact the stock market Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
