Title: Here's how to qualify for a payment from a Google data settlement
Date: 2026-04-08 23:57
URL: https://www.usatoday.com/story/money/2026/04/08/google-android-data-settlement-qualify/89525294007/?.tsrc=rss
------------------------------
Who qualifies for the Google Android data settlement?
What data collection practices did the lawsuit allege against Google?
What is the maximum payout per class member in the settlement?
Android phone users can now claim their portion of a class-action settlement connected to Google's collection of their data.
The lawsuit, Taylor v. Google LLC, alleged that Google needlessly collected cellular data that it purchased from mobile carriers. The company denied wrongdoing in the settlement.
"We are pleased to resolve this case, which mischaracterized standard industry practices that keep Android safe," José Castañeda, a Google spokesperson, previously said in an email to USA TODAY.
Glen Summers, a lawyer for the plaintiffs, said in a court filing that he believed the $135 million payout is the largest ever in a conversion case. Payments are capped at $100 per class member.
Here's what to know about Google's Android data settlement.
In order to qualify for the Android data settlement, a claimant must:
Consumers who have received a personalized notice about the settlement can choose their preferred payment method on the settlement website. If a potential claimant does not choose payment method, they may not receive a payment − according to the website.
The deadline to object to the settlement and for a potential claimant to exclude themselves from the settlement is May 29. The final approval hearing is set for June 23.
The lawsuit alleged that the data collection occurred on devices, even when users closed Google's apps, disabled location-sharing or locked their screens.
"(Google) designed the Android operating system to collect vast amounts of information about users, which Google uses to generate billions in profit annually by selling targeted digital advertisements," the lawsuit reads.
It said the data supported Google's product development and targeted advertising campaigns and amounted to "conversion," when a party wrongfully takes another party's property with the intent to assert control.
The proposed settlement was filed in court Jan. 27.
Contributing: Reuters