Title: Some May Be Optimistic About Halliburton's (NYSE:HAL) Earnings
Date: 2026-05-01 10:33
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/may-optimistic-halliburtons-nyse-hal-103335318.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Halliburton Company's(NYSE:HAL) stock was strong despite it releasing a soft earnings report last week. Our analysis suggests that investors may have noticed some promising signs beyond the statutory profit figures. AI is about to change healthcare. These 20 stocks are working on everything from early diagnostics to drug discovery. The best part - they are all under $10bn in marketcap - there is still time to get in early. To properly understand Halliburton's profit results, we need to consider the US$466m expense attributed to unusual items. It's never great to see unusual items costing the company profits, but on the upside, things might improve sooner rather than later. We looked at thousands of listed companies and found that unusual items are very often one-off in nature. And that's hardly a surprise given these line items are considered unusual. If Halliburton doesn't see those unusual expenses repeat, then all else being equal we'd expect its profit to increase over the coming year. That might leave you wondering what analysts are forecasting in terms of future profitability. Luckily, you canclick here to see an interactive graphdepicting future profitability, based on their estimates. Unusual items (expenses) detracted from Halliburton's earnings over the last year, but we might see an improvement next year. Because of this, we think Halliburton's earnings potential is at least as good as it seems, and maybe even better! Unfortunately, though, its earnings per share actually fell back over the last year. Of course, we've only just scratched the surface when it comes to analysing its earnings; one could also consider margins, forecast growth, and return on investment, among other factors. In light of this, if you'd like to do more analysis on the company, it's vital to be informed of the risks involved. At Simply Wall St, we found2 warning signs for Halliburtonand we think they deserve your attention. This note has only looked at a single factor that sheds light on the nature of Halliburton's profit. But there is always more to discover if you are capable of focussing your mind on minutiae. For example, many people consider a high return on equity as an indication of favorable business economics, while others like to 'follow the money' and search out stocks that insiders are buying. While it might take a little research on your behalf, you may find thisfreecollection of companies boasting high return on equity, orthis list of stocks with significant insider holdingsto be useful. Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content?Get in touchwith us directly.Alternatively, email editorial-team (at) simplywallst.com.This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature.We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice.It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock, and does not take account of your objectives, or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.
