Title: Yen Slides Past 160 Per Dollar to Weakest Level Since 2024
Date: 2026-04-30 02:02
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/yen-slides-past-160-per-dollar-to-weakest-level-since-2024-020245267.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
Powell holds what is expected to be his final press conference as chair after the Fed keeps rates steady
Fed holds interest rates steady with no end to Iran war in sight
Elon Musk testified again in the OpenAI trial, describing his behavior at the company and its nonprofit 'halo'
A Senate committee confirmed Kevin Warsh, sending his nomination to be chairman of the Fed to the full Senate
Stocks slipped at the open as investors awaited a Fed decision and Big Tech earnings
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
(Bloomberg) -- The yen extended its slide beyond 160 per dollar to its weakest mark this year, fueling risk that Japanese officials may step into the market to offer support.
Most Read from Bloomberg
North Korea Confirms Suicide Rule for Soldiers Ukraine Captures
UAE Quits OPEC as War Upends Oil Markets and Gulf Tensions Rise
Junior Bankers Sick of Grunt Work Build $2 Billion AI Tool to Do the Job
US Brain Implant Company Tests in China in Apparent First
The currency’s decline will heighten concern among Japanese policymakers. Earlier this week, Minister of Finance Satsuki Katayama said authorities are standing by to respond to foreign-exchange moves as needed around the clock as Tokyo remains on high alert over speculative moves.
Since the Bank of Japan’s April meeting earlier this week, at which Governor Kazuo Ueda refrained from providing a clear sign concerning the timing of the central bank’s next interest-rate hike, the yen has been under pressure.
Following the conclusion of the Federal Reserve’s policy meeting Wednesday, the currency fell about 0.5% to 160.47 per dollar, its weakest level since mid-2024. It pared some of its losses on Thursday, climbing as much as 0.2% to 160.08 against the greenback.
Authorities intervened in the market several times in 2024 when the yen weakened beyond the 160-per-dollar mark, though officials have repeatedly emphasized that they are focused on excessive volatility rather than defending specific rates.
“We believe intervention is likely to materialize ahead of the cycle high of 162” in the dollar-yen pair, said Ikue Saito, a strategist at JPMorgan.
The finance minister has not officially commented on the yen so far Thursday.
At the conclusion of the Fed’s two-day meeting in Washington, officials led by Chair Jerome Powell left interest rates unchanged but signaled a widening gulf regarding the outlook for policy given shocks to energy and inflation amid the war in the Middle East.
Investors remain on edge as the US and Iran vie for control of the Strait of Hormuz. The uncertainty has supported the dollar and kept oil prices elevated, adding to inflation in Japan while also raising downside risks to growth. President Donald Trump on Wednesday said he will not lift a naval blockade of Iran’s ports until he secures a deal with Tehran to address the country’s nuclear program, Axios reported.
What Bloomberg Strategists Say...
“Firm US yields and elevated oil prices are underpinning the dollar bid, and the yen looks vulnerable to a squeeze if that range high gives way. With the FOMC decision due later today, timing risk is high and any hawkish tilt could accelerate the move and trigger stops above the range.”
-Brendan Fagan, Markets Live strategist. For the full note, click here.
At UBS Global Wealth Management, strategists including Teck Leng Tan and Dominic Schnider lowered their forecasts for the yen, in part because of the impact of higher-for-longer oil prices on Japan’s balance of payments and what they expect will be a “cautious” Bank of Japan tightening path.
Traders also slashed their swaps market bets that the BOJ will tighten monetary policy come June. They’re now pricing a sub-50% chance of a hike, compared to a peak of some 68% last week.
“The odds of direct intervention should rise if USD/JPY quickly traded up to 163-164,” Karen Reichgott Fishman, a strategist at Goldman Sachs Group Inc., wrote in a note. “That said, we think the yen and Japanese government bonds are trading in line with fundamentals, with downward pressure from rising inflation and constrained policy.”
Beyond current levels, 161.95 looms large as a potential milestone for weakness given it’s the nadir for the yen reached in 2024. Breaking that level would take the currency back to where it traded in 1986.
--With assistance from Beth Thomas, Anya Andrianova, George Lei and Vinícius Andrade.
(Updates with latest moves.)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
‘I Have Half of MAGA’: The Republican Challenging Trump From Within
Running America’s Second-Busiest Airport in Turbulent Times
A Restaurant That’s Barely Raised Prices Since 1973
Outrage Over Pesticides Is Alienating Some Trump Voters
Why If the War Doesn’t End Soon, Everyone Will Pay
©2026 Bloomberg L.P.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio