Title: Jamie Dimon says bureaucracy sinks companies and the solution may be getting rid
Date: 2026-04-29 19:49
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/jamie-dimon-says-bureaucracy-sinks-194923889.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
Powell holds what is expected to be his final press conference as chair after the Fed keeps rates steady
Fed holds interest rates steady with no end to Iran war in sight
Elon Musk testified again in the OpenAI trial, describing his behavior at the company and its nonprofit 'halo'
A Senate committee confirmed Kevin Warsh, sending his nomination to be chairman of the Fed to the full Senate
Stocks slipped at the open as investors awaited a Fed decision and Big Tech earnings
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon is fed up with managers who enable bureaucracy, which he considers a silent killer for organizations that brings with it a host of other problems.
“Bureaucracy, complacency, and arrogance will take down a company,” he said during the Norges Bank Investment Management’s investment conference Tuesday. “Bureaucracy is like the petri dish of politics and everything else.”
The longtime CEO, who helped build JPMorgan into a $830 billion behemoth and the world’s largest bank by market cap from a $130 billion market cap when his tenure started in 2006, said these internal issues are often the biggest factors in deciding whether a company lives or dies. Bureaucracy can often fester in large companies like JPMorgan, which has more than 300,000 employees globally, but it can also plague small organizations or even smaller parts of a large organization, said Dimon.
The solution, he said, is to tackle the problem from the top down and “get rid of the jerks,” or the bureaucratic managers that focus more on the process than the outcome.
“They admire a problem. I say they’re like good bureaucrats,” he said. “They like the process, not the outcome. Whereas I like the outcome.”
Dimon set his crosshairs on self-congratulating “super presentations,” that laud areas the company is doing well in. In contrast, Dimon said he likes to point out where other companies are doing better. Instead of reveling in the fact that JPMorgan is the biggest FX trader in the world, he wants employees to wonder why the company is the seventh-biggest FX trader in Vietnam.
A clear sign of bureaucracy is withholding information, noted Dimon. The CEO has previously made clear his disdain for “rope-a-dope” politics—using the Muhammad Ali boxing tactic of tiring out your opponent so they can’t follow up. Workplace bureaucracy, he argued, fosters that tiresome back and forth. To avoid this at JPMorgan, any relevant information for a meeting is dispersed to every participant beforehand. Withheld information can breed unnecessary conflict, he added.
“If [information] isn’t shared properly, I generally just cancel the meeting,” he said.
Despite leading one of the biggest banks in the world, Dimon has always been keen on assigning the most important work to small groups, which he likened as having the focus of Navy SEALs. In tech, companies have increasingly moved to flatten leadership structures and put more workers under a single manager—including Meta, which reportedly has a 50-to-1 employee to manager ratio on its applied engineering team.
Dimon, though, prefers the opposite approach, creating smaller teams which have better accountability.
“Get the people in the room and work it out. Don’t allow it to go back and forth with groups for six months or nine months or a year,” he said.
Amazon CEO Andy Jassy approaches bureaucracy similarly to Dimon. Since taking the top job at the No. 1 company on the Fortune 500, Jassy has worked to foster productive disagreements among employees to reach the best outcomes. In his 2024 shareholder letter, Jassy said the best leaders don’t shy away from being challenged—rather when it happens, “they’re intrigued.” To battle inefficiency, the CEO launched a “bureaucracy mailbox” where employees can flag unnecessary red tape, which he claimed led to 375 improvements.
When it comes to his own leadership, Dimon said he doesn’t expect his employees to take his word blindly. In board meetings, partly because of his “forceful” personality, the CEO has learned to leave the room for a period so board members can argue among themselves about company issues without interference, and give him feedback.
Ultimately, what creates a non-bureaucratic workplace is how employees see the boss leading by example, said Dimon.
“I have to earn my trust and respect every day, too. It isn’t like I walk in a room and somehow you have to trust me. You don’t. You’re going to be watching closely—what does the boss do, what does he say, does he really mean it, does he follow up.”
This story was originally featured on Fortune.com
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio