Title: How JPMorgan’s CIO is reshaping work at the bank with a $19.8 billion annual tec
Date: 2026-04-29 17:32
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/technology/articles/jpmorgan-cio-reshaping-bank-19-173218950.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
Powell holds what is expected to be his final press conference as chair after the Fed keeps rates steady
Fed holds interest rates steady with no end to Iran war in sight
Elon Musk testified again in the OpenAI trial, describing his behavior at the company and its nonprofit 'halo'
A Senate committee confirmed Kevin Warsh, sending his nomination to be chairman of the Fed to the full Senate
Stocks slipped at the open as investors awaited a Fed decision and Big Tech earnings
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Lori Beer, the global chief information officer at JPMorgan Chase & Co., has a long checklist of questions as she navigates the proliferation of AI agents working alongside the banking giant’s sprawling workforce of 319,000.
AI agents, Beer says, will change the way one thinks about work, the tasks to complete that work, how to break those tasks down, the tasks the bank is comfortable automating, the tasks that require human reflection, and then the proper technology ecosystem with the proper security, resiliency, and controls.
What security measures govern JPMorgan's AI agent deployment?
How are AI tools impacting JPMorgan employee productivity?
How is JPMorgan implementing AI agents across business units?
What cybersecurity challenges does AI present for JPMorgan?
“We have been focusing very early on, on simple things, like what’s the right level to create an agent; how do you give them identity and access?” says Beer.
Her approach is fairly flexible. In HR, a human has broader license to see JPMorgan employee data than an agent. “You don’t want them to go outside the bounds of the specific tasks that they can do, because they don’t have the same thinking a human does,” says Beer. But in software engineering, there’s a bit more pliability with the permissions granted to an AI agent, because there’s a validation layer to check and correct any errors those autonomous systems could generate.
That same monitoring layer will need to be applied to other parts of the business as agents are increasingly embraced, says Beer, which involves keeping the human in the loop but also monitoring the outputs that large language models are producing.
One clear certainty when it comes to JPMorgan’s agentic AI strategy is that these tools won’t run through a third-party vendor. “This is going to be critical, because it’s the underlying flow of how we do business,” she says. “We want to secure it and we want to make sure it’s organized.”
Beer, a 12-year veteran at the No. 11-ranked Fortune 500 bank, manages a technology budget of $19.8 billion and more than 65,000 technologists who support JPMorgan’s retail, wholesale, and asset and wealth management businesses. The company’s tech spending accounts for roughly 10% of revenue, meaning that as JPMorgan’s business continues to grow—and it reported a monster first-quarter earlier in April—spending on technology and AI will also continue to rise.
“You’re moving $12 trillion a day, and you have a lot of customers and clients,” says Beer. “So this balance between innovation and risk taking is critical for us to get it right. We spend a lot of time focusing on that.”
AI tools that the firm has rolled out include LLM Suite, an internal version of OpenAI’s ChatGPT that provides employees secure access to LLMs. JPMorgan said 200,000 employees were onboarded onto the tool eight months after its July 2024 debut. While some employees still use LLM Suite for simple tasks, including summarization and creating PowerPoint presentations, others are taking it further to create their own AI assistants.
Another tool is called Connect Coach, which helps asset managers pull insights quickly, like when tariff-related news was regularly shaking the stock market. This tool bolsters revenue in that advisors “can handle significantly more clients with the productivity they’re seeing out of these tools,” Beer says.
AI coding tools, meanwhile, have vastly improved and led Beer to work on rebuilding what she calls “the factory,” which encompasses efforts to rethink how product teams and engineers build. That means less time working in integrated development environments, or IDEs, which are the software applications that allow programmers to write, test, and debug code in one interface; and more time giving AI models the context they need to handle complex tasks.
“We’ve had great examples of some of our deep architects that are really great as specifications, but didn’t like to code so much,” says Beer. “Now, they’re able to spend the time up front creating the specification. And we need senior engineers reviewing the code output.”
AI’s impact on the future of work has been a recurring theme in public commentary from JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon. He’s acknowledged the bank already has redeployment plans in place for workers that will be displaced by AI, and even posited that these tools will reap big productivity gains that could result in a shorter work week.
Meanwhile, an internal team led by Teresa Heitsenrether, chief data and analytics officer, and Robin Leopold, head of HR, is working with other leaders to speadhead the effort to more thoroughly re-engineer workflows across JPMorgan. The bank is also working with an unnamed, large academic university for this ongoing project. This coincides with “several hundred” AI use cases already in production today, as well as future tech initiatives that the company’s operating committee—which includes Beer, Leopold, and Heitsenrether—regularly monitors to create “hard value creation.” That value has both potential to generate top-line revenue and productivity gains.
“I think the change management and how you think about the ways of working is ultimately the hardest part here, and reimagining how you can use these tools,” says Beer.
A more ominous side of AI that banks and technologists like Beer need to keep a close eye on are potential cyber threats from advancements like Anthropic’s new Mythos model. “Obviously, cybersecurity is—Jamie always talks about it too—one of our biggest threats, and it’s also been a place we’ve invested in significantly,” says Beer.
As AI models mature, JPMorgan has had to think of when to play offense versus defense, and in both cases, AI is a tool that can help. “The tools are getting better at helping you find vulnerabilities,” says Beer. “We have to make sure that we’re better at fixing them faster.”
John Kell
Send thoughts or suggestions to CIO Intelligence here.
This story was originally featured on Fortune.com
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio