Title: 2 Unpopular Stocks That Deserve Some Love and 1 Facing Challenges
Date: 2026-05-05 04:56
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/2-unpopular-stocks-deserve-love-035655566.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap. Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin) Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know. Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week. April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation. Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower' The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it) Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience' Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press) Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war. If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans. The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020 The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year. Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed Powell holds what is expected to be his final press conference as chair after the Fed keeps rates steady Fed holds interest rates steady with no end to Iran war in sight Elon Musk testified again in the OpenAI trial, describing his behavior at the company and its nonprofit 'halo' A Senate committee confirmed Kevin Warsh, sending his nomination to be chairman of the Fed to the full Senate Stocks slipped at the open as investors awaited a Fed decision and Big Tech earnings The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1 The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings. The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs. Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early. Wall Street’s bearish price targets for the stocks in this article signal serious concerns. Such forecasts are uncommon in an industry where maintaining cordial corporate relationships often trumps delivering the hard truth. At StockStory, we look beyond the headlines with our independent analysis to determine whether these bearish calls are justified. That said, here are two stocks where Wall Street’s pessimism is creating a buying opportunity and one facing legitimate challenges. What challenges is Apple facing despite strong margins? Why is Wall Street bearish on Bally's stock? How does StockStory identify undervalued investment opportunities? What makes Kinder Morgan attractive as pipeline operator? Consensus Price Target: $12.25 (-7.5% implied return) Headquartered in Providence, Rhode Island, Bally's Corporation (NYSE:BALY) is a diversified global casino-entertainment company that owns and manages casinos, resorts, and online gaming platforms. Why Do We Pass on BALY? Sales trends were unexciting over the last two years as its 4.6% annual growth was below the typical consumer discretionary company Diminishing returns on capital from an already low starting point show that neither management’s prior nor current bets are going as planned Bally's is trading at $13.25 per share, or 11.1x forward EV-to-EBITDA. If you’re considering BALY for your portfolio, see our FREE research report to learn more. Consensus Price Target: $300.65 (7.3% implied return) Creator of the iPhone and App Store, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is a legendary developer of consumer electronics and software. Why Should AAPL Be on Your Watchlist? Apple's revenue base is so large because nearly everyone in the U.S. has an iPhone, but this is a double-edged sword. Growth must now come from upgrades, a harder pitch that has resulted in sluggish top-line performance recently. Still, Apple's devices have endured for decades, speaking to its brand, design ethos, and technological chops. Its success is rare in the world of consumer electronics, which is fraught because of commoditization, competition, and obsolescence risk. The company may not have the best gross margin because of its hardware orientation, but it still manages to produce elite operating and free cash flow margins. This shows it doesn’t need over-the-top marketing campaigns to convince people to buy its products. Apple’s stock price of $280.08 implies a valuation ratio of 29.9x forward price-to-earnings. Is now a good time to buy? Find out in our full research report, it’s free. Consensus Price Target: $35.33 (8% implied return) Operating what amounts to the toll roads of the energy industry, Kinder Morgan (NYSE:KMI) transports natural gas, refined petroleum products, and crude oil through its pipeline network across North America. Why Is KMI on Our Radar? Enormous revenue base of $17.53 billion provides significant leverage in supplier negotiations EBITDA margin improvement of 4.9 percentage points over the last five years demonstrates its ability to scale efficiently Strong free cash flow margin of 20.4% enables it to reinvest or return capital consistently At $32.73 per share, Kinder Morgan trades at 22.3x forward P/E. Is now the right time to buy? See for yourself in our full research report, it’s free. ONE MORE THING: Top 6 Stocks for This Week. This market is separating quality stocks from expensive ones fast. AI taking down whole sectors with no warning. In a rotation this fast, you need more than a list of good companies. Our AI system flagged Palantir before it ran 1,662%. AppLovin before it ran 753%. Nvidia before it ran 1,178%. Each week it produces 6 new names that pass the same tests.  Get Our Top 6 Stocks for Free HERE. Stocks that made our list in 2020 include now familiar names such as Nvidia (+1,326% between June 2020 and June 2025) as well as under-the-radar businesses like the once-micro-cap company Tecnoglass (+1,754% five-year return). Find your next big winner with StockStory today. Weʼre unable to load stories right now. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio