Title: Apple's Tim Cook says AI-fueled 'RAMmageddon' will make your next laptop and phone a lot pricier
Date: 2026-05-05 00:05
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/technology/articles/apples-tim-cook-says-ai-230500503.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap. Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin) Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know. Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week. April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation. Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower' The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it) Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience' Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press) Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war. If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans. The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020 The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year. Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed Powell holds what is expected to be his final press conference as chair after the Fed keeps rates steady Fed holds interest rates steady with no end to Iran war in sight Elon Musk testified again in the OpenAI trial, describing his behavior at the company and its nonprofit 'halo' A Senate committee confirmed Kevin Warsh, sending his nomination to be chairman of the Fed to the full Senate Stocks slipped at the open as investors awaited a Fed decision and Big Tech earnings The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1 The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings. The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs. Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early. As the world scrambles to scale its infrastructure to match the unfathomably rapid evolution (1) of artificial intelligence, even the top names in the tech sector are grappling with ballooning costs for one key component of the devices we rely on for daily living: RAM. We are now in the midst of what is being called a "RAMageddon" (2) — a foreboding term for the precipice that makers of consumer technology now find themselves on. Thanks to Jeff Bezos, you can now become a landlord for as little as $100 — and no, you don't have to deal with tenants or fix freezers. Here's how Robert Kiyosaki says this 1 asset will surge 400% in a year and begs investors not to miss this ‘explosion’ Dave Ramsey warns nearly 50% of Americans are making 1 big Social Security mistake — here’s how to fix it ASAP RAM, which stands for random access memory, is what enables users to run programs on their laptops or smartphones, offering the information required for these processes in nanoseconds. It is, in simple terms, the short-term memory of your computer's brain, which gets wiped after each session of use. AI applications have proven to be the biggest RAM hogs (3); not just on our individual devices, but behind the scenes at the hubs that fuel these apps. AI's demand for RAM has gone through the roof as data centres proliferate, all of them requiring immense amounts of not just electricity and water (4), but lightning-fast, uber-efficient processing power fueled by RAM chips. The resulting chip shortage and multi-fold increase (5) in their prices has brought many companies to a turning point, having to choose between dedicating RAM chips to AI ventures or to customer-facing products — or, absorbing the escalating expenses of trying to do both. In the world of consumer tech, there is no corporation as ubiquitous (6) as Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL). But even Apple CEO Tim Cook recently flagged memory prices as a key hindrance to future revenue during the company's Q2 2026 earnings call last week (7). Cook and his team, while lauding the quarter's financial and other successes, mentioned some "supply constraints" that analysts pressed them on during the question period. Though the Apple heads noted that the largest constraint at present is not memory, but the limited availability of certain other chip components amid zealous demand for products like the Mac Mini and MacStudio — which, fittingly, they called "amazing platforms for AI and Agentic tools" that are particularly successful for this reason. They did however expand further on the growing issue of memory limitations. "In the December quarter, we really had minimal impact due to memory, and you can see that in the gross margin results. We said it would be a bit more in the March quarter, and we did see higher memory costs in the March quarter, [which] were partially offset by benefits from carry-in inventory," said Cook, who was the one to clarify that memory was the topic the conversation had been dancing around. "For the June quarter…we expect significantly higher memory costs. They are also partly offset by the benefit of carry-in inventory. But I can tell you that beyond the June quarter, we believe memory costs will drive an increasing impact on our business. And we'll continue to evaluate this." This admission goes against a long-held belief — actually considered an empirical law (8) — that computing power should get less expensive as it grows exponentially. But, AI has managed to blow that assumption (and many others (9)) out of the water as it mushrooms at such an accelerating pace that it has become difficult to measure. On the call, Apple's execs added that they will be considering "a range of options" for dealing with the new realities of memory (7). With incoming CEO John Ternus taking the reins in September, and planning to invest more profits into innovation (10), we will have to wait and see what this looks like. Read More: This $1B private real estate fund is now accessible to non-millionaires. Start investing with just $10 Unfortunately, it's not just Apple and other industry behemoths that will have to shell out more for memory in the shadow of AI's civilization-changing growth and subsequent logistical bottlenecks: our household electronics, especially laptops (11), are going to get significantly more expensive and harder to upgrade. And while we may be all too familiar (12) with AI's other costs (13), with so many of us complicit in it becoming the fastest-spreading technology in human history (14), we are but an Ouroboros eating its own tail as prioritization of tech (15) shapes the new frontier. Millionaires under 43 are reshaping investing — just 25% of their portfolios are in stocks. Here’s where their money is going Taxes are going to change for retirees under Trump’s ‘big beautiful bill’ — here are 4 reasons you can’t afford to waste time Robert Kiyosaki issues grim warning for baby boomers: many could be ‘wiped out’ and homeless ‘all over’ the country Vanguard’s outlook on U.S. stocks is raising alarm bells for retirees. Here’s why and how to protect yourself Join 250,000+ readers and get Moneywise’s best stories and exclusive interviews first — clear insights curated and delivered weekly. Subscribe now. We rely only on vetted sources and credible third-party reporting. For details, see our ethics and guidelines. RBC Capital Markets (1); The Week (2); Ars Technica (3); The Conversation (4); Reuters (5); BBC (6); Seeking Alpha (7); The University of Law (8); YouTube (9),(15); Bloomberg (10); PCMag (11); The Wall Street Journal (12); The Walrus (13); Microsoft (14) This article originally appeared on Moneywise.com under the title: Apple's Tim Cook says AI-fueled 'RAMmageddon' will make your next laptop and phone a lot pricier This article provides information only and should not be construed as advice. It is provided without warranty of any kind. Weʼre unable to load stories right now. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio