Title: Did Berkshire's annual meeting feel the same without Buffett_
Date: 2026-05-04 13:36
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/did-berkshires-annual-meeting-feel-the-same-without-buffett-133635512.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
Berkshire Hathaway (BRK-A, BRK-B) CEO Greg Abel presided over his first annual shareholder meeting since taking over as chief executive from Warren Buffett at the start of this year. Buffett is still the company's executive chairman.
Morning Brief Host Julie Hyman Barron's Investor Circle Newsletter editor Josh Schafer react to Berkshire's stock buyback program and the takeaways from the event.
Let's talk about the next um topic that we're watching this morning. What is which is Berkshire Hathaway, which had it's first meeting this weekend that was presided over by Greg Abel, not by Warren Buffett.
And um, you know, it's sort of it it did feel like a disappointment. It did feel like a come down. and, um, you know, I was reading some commentary by one of your colleagues, uh, this morning where he talked about uh the company buying back some stock last quarter but like then stopping, not doing continuous buybacks, which
indicates that the company's not so jazzed about buying its own stock right now. And if they're not excited about it, why should anybody be excited about it?
Right. if you look at who a normal Berkshire investor is, it's a value investor. And so if you look at the book to value on Berkshire and it looks attractive, which a lot of Berkshire investors would argue it is, then you should be buying back your stock. And so to come out and say we're buying back the stock and then they bought something in the millions that really just wasn't significant.
They have $380 billion dollars in cash. What are you doing with it? I think was the key question going into the weekend and investors leave wondering the same exact thing. And I think my takeaway from the weekend was just I think we're kind of done with this event a little bit. Like Warren still was a part of it a little bit on Saturday, but over time as he obviously becomes less a part of it,
It's just a shareholder meeting. City's holding a shareholder meeting this week. We're not going to watch it on TV. Maybe you'll look at the headlines if they say something interesting, but it's just going to become a normal shareholder meeting for people that own the shares that are interested in it.
Yeah, maybe they'll still go and buy Brook's sneakers on the floor.
Yeah, the vibe still looked fun. They had a Greg Abel Squishmallow and those sort of fun things and C's candies and all those kinds of things still exist. So it's an event for people that are into it, but the reason that we used to all tune into it was really to hear what Warren Buffett thought about broader things going on. Warren Buffett's take on AI, Warren Buffett's take on cyber security, which was a part of Saturday, but you you were looking for those kind of things. What would Warren Buffett have said about the CEO transition at Apple?
That would have been a big question going into last weekend. And now you just don't have any of those sort of answers. So it becomes a little bit of a shoulder shrug. This year you had the intrigue of okay, first time in the seat. Now I think that the first time in the seat intrigue is over.
Yeah.
Maybe the live stream ends. Like
They're not, I don't think uh interesting.
The syndication of the live stream I think would be interesting.
Maybe so. Maybe so. I mean, and Buffett did give an interview, but he didn't really it was the hits, right? He talked about the casino like atmosphere and the stock market. He didn't say anything new um during that. I you know, our our old colleague Sam Roe did flag that that and had an interesting take on the cybersecurity thing that where there um Berkshire itself made a deep fake of Warren Buffett to highlight the risks of cybersecurity. So that was kind of a clever moment.
cyber security has been an interesting one too that I feel like has just been talked about a little bit less depend unless you're talking to a cyber security analyst and they'll play out how the rise of AI is so important. But some of those stocks were getting sold off with software over the last couple months. We just picked Palo Alto at the Baron's Investor circle last week, basically arguing it had been sold off too much. The cyber security role as everything becomes more automated should only increase, not decrease. And so I thought that was an interesting point by Berkshire and also just showing how good it is. I think Buffett has always been interested in technology that truly is transcendent and so for them to use a deep fake that did look very real,
it proves a point to a lot of people and he knows when he's doing it with himself that people will pay attention to it.
But is Berkshire invested in cyber security? Like or they were just kind of making the point that like everybody needs to be on guard. But they don't own any cyber security companies, do they?
Uh not in their top holdings that I'm aware of. I think it was be aware of it and then maybe it was also Warren knowing that once he's gone, those kinds of videos are going to surface. Because they made it
People should be aware of those.
On Saturday, they made the video look like he was asking a question to Greg Abel, so it looked like current day. You could also easily make a deep fake and say that he said something in 2005. Or right before the great financial. You could start going back in important times in history and being like, remember when Warren Buffett said X or Y? And that is a scary thing and it's a scary thing I think particularly for him. He doesn't want the history that he has created and sort of his book that he's written to be altered just because people can now play with things.
