Title: META Builds Advanced Tools for Creators_ Can They Drive Revenues_
Date: 2026-04-24 15:28
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/meta-builds-advanced-tools-creators-152800905.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude. 
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
Allbirds' AI pivot shows signs of froth in markets, but experts say the underlying fundamentals in AI remain strong.
Dow leaps 850 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch new records in stunning rally amid US-Iran diplomacy hopes
Stocks climbed at the open and oil fell as Iran said the Strait of Hormuz is 'completely open'
The stock market has notched one of its fastest turnarounds in years
Europe is facing a severe jet fuel shortage, with 'maybe six weeks of jet fuel left'
Stocks rebound after Trump says Israel, Lebanon agreed to ceasefire
S&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq rise, with fresh records in view amid hopes for truce
Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions
S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses
The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company
S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled
Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher
US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI
JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks'
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Meta Platforms META is benefiting from its focus on building advanced tools for creators, which is increasingly driving both user engagement and revenue growth across its ecosystem.One of the most notable developments is the rapid adoption of Meta’s media creation tools. Nearly 10% of the reels viewed daily are now created in Meta’s Edits app, a figure that has almost tripled from the previous quarter. The number of daily active users generating media with Meta AI tripled year over year in the fourth quarter of 2025. These tools empower creators to produce more original and engaging content, which in turn attracts more users and increases time spent on Meta’s platforms.Meta Platforms recently marked one year of its Edits app. The company emphasized its creator-first approach and plans. Launched in 2025, this mobile video editor was developed with input from creators to support the entire creative process.Throughout the year, Meta Platforms worked on simplifying workflows and adding useful tools. New features included an in-app teleprompter, which helps reduce filming challenges. Continuous updates, based on user feedback, brought improvements in editing, idea generation and organization. Looking ahead, Meta Platforms plans to improve creativity further, streamline production and expand features. The company remains committed to building tools in collaboration with creators.Meta Platforms’ advanced tools for creators are proving to be a powerful engine for both engagement and revenue. The company expects total revenues between $53.5 billion and $56.5 billion for the first quarter of 2026. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for revenues is currently pegged at $55.49 billion, suggesting 31.15% growth from the year-ago reported figure.
Meta Platforms is facing stiff competition from competitors like Snap SNAP and Reddit RDDT. Both Snap and Reddit are expanding their portfolio to compete in the rapidly growing digital ad market. Snap is benefiting from strong growth in its subscription business, particularly in Snapchat+ and Memories storage plans, as well as increased demand for high-margin ad placements such as sponsored Snaps and Promoted Places. The expansion of its small and medium-sized advertiser base and improved ad platform performance through AI-driven tools are driving top-line growth. Snap expects first-quarter 2026 revenues in the range of $1.56-$1.6 billion, indicating 9-12% year-over-year growth. Reddit is benefiting from strong growth in its advertising business, driven by investments in machine learning, new ad formats such as shopping ads and expanded automation tools, including Reddit Max. Its expanding portfolio and strong user growth underscore its potential for continued expansion and increased revenue opportunities. For the first quarter of 2026, RDDT expects revenues between $595 million and $605 million, representing 52% to 54% year-over-year revenue growth.
META’s shares have lost 0.2% in the year-to-date period, underperforming the broader Zacks Computer & Technology sector’s return of 7.6%.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
META shares are overvalued, with a forward 12-month Price/Sales of 6.3X compared with the Internet - Software’s 4.03X. META has a Value Score of C.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for 2026 earnings is pegged at $29.83 per share, unchanged over the past 30 days. This suggests 26.99% year-over-year growth.
Meta Platforms, Inc. price-consensus-chart | Meta Platforms, Inc. Quote
Meta Platforms currently carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Snap Inc. (SNAP) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Meta Platforms, Inc. (META) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Reddit Inc. (RDDT) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio