Title: Crypto latest_ Michael Saylor says crypto 'winter' is 'over'
Date: 2026-04-24 15:55
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/crypto-latest-michael-saylor-says-crypto-winter-is-over-155548899.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude. 
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
Allbirds' AI pivot shows signs of froth in markets, but experts say the underlying fundamentals in AI remain strong.
Dow leaps 850 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch new records in stunning rally amid US-Iran diplomacy hopes
Stocks climbed at the open and oil fell as Iran said the Strait of Hormuz is 'completely open'
The stock market has notched one of its fastest turnarounds in years
Europe is facing a severe jet fuel shortage, with 'maybe six weeks of jet fuel left'
Stocks rebound after Trump says Israel, Lebanon agreed to ceasefire
S&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq rise, with fresh records in view amid hopes for truce
Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions
S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses
The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company
S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled
Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher
US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI
JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks'
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
401 Financial CEO Tyrone Ross Jr. joins Yahoo Finance to explain how investors should be managing their crypto portfolios amid conflict-driven headlines, Morgan Stanley's (MS) new bitcoin ETF (MSBT), and more.
what war in the Middle East is making markets hypersensitive to conflict-driven headlines. Let's look into how to deal with this as an investor through the lens of cryptocurrency. Joining me now, Tyrone Ross Jr., CEO of 401 Financial for this week's FA Corner brought to you by Capital Group. Tyrone, thanks so much for being here.
Absolutely.
I was just checking on what's going on in the crypto space. and I also saw that there were some commentary out there from Michael Sailor about whether we're at the end of the crypto winter, whether that has concluded.
How how do you think about that question? And and does it even matter to you and your investors if you're in it for the long haul?
It it doesn't, actually. It doesn't matter to us, but and I respectfully disagree with Mr. Sailor. I think there was a really big hack recently. Um, you know, there's been 10 billion in crypto that has been wiped away over the last 10 years in Defi. So I still think there's some catalyst here that are going to keep us range bound, could possibly drop a little bit, but I don't know if it's over. I think there's a long way to go.
Um, so there have been a lot of hack headlines as of late. I mean, what do you tell your clients in terms of how to protect themselves in those kind of situations?
So, I think there's a couple of things here. I think mainly what we try to do is one, find out where clients hold their crypto, if they hold it in exchange or hold it in self- custody. And then take precautionary measures there. And then, once we can actually see what they have inside of the wallet, it's easy to identify if they trade their brains out, if they're bridging and using all these different protocols, they're more at risk. So, it's just constant. That's why I always say, coming all with you, if an advisor has a client that owns crypto, that's a monthly check-in as opposed to maybe quarterly with normal, you know, asset classes.
Yeah, that makes sense. The other, um, well, there's been a lot of headlines lately. One of the other ones was Morgan Stanley coming in with its Bitcoin ETF. Um, why is it huge? Okay, what does this do for the industry? Because on the one hand it feels like just another um, stage of the adoption, the institutional adoption story. But it also felt more significant.
Yeah, and and I say this as a fan of not a fan of crypto ETFs, but I think Morgan Stanley getting in is huge for a couple reasons. One, they don't do a lot of ETFs. Um, two, obviously, I'm a wirehouse baby myself. Um, coming through Merrill, but I think they have a large advisor base, huge scale, and ultimately, there's a possibility for an ETF to end up in model portfolios, then you're talking about more scale. Also, I think for those of us that have been around 10 plus years, it's it's more validation, right? It's and then Schwab coming in right behind them just kind of, you know, was the ribbon on it. But I think Morgan Stanley means a lot of scale. I think it means really good institutional research and data that advisors and wealth managers want. So, I think that was a really good way of saying, all right, we're crossing over here for mass acceptance to mass adoption.
How are you thinking about the crypto question the quantum question, excuse me, which has been something that has been plaguing crypto recently. That is, you know, once quantum computing advances, will it be able to crack the code on some of the crypto?
It's real. So we actually have a scoring mechanism at my company Turnkey where we score the top 300 or so crypto assets and we try to narrow those down to like 15 to 20 investible. Now what we're doing is trying to see how many of those are susceptible to quantum, Bitcoin mainly being one, and what that time frame looks like. It could be three, it could be five, it could be 10 years, but what's really important there if you're an advisor looking at that is how, not necessarily the Bitcoin blockchain being affected, but that's going to affect individual holdings and wallets and things like that. So I think making sure that folks know they're up to date, where they're hold their Bitcoin again, on what type of wallet, is that wallet prepared for this, and ultimately what that may mean for crypto that just could be or Bitcoin that could be trapped. But I think there are some chains and protocols that will be more susceptible than others and then, you know, this is something that you need to be preparing for now. We are in conversations.
Gotcha. Um, something else I know that you're watching, that we're all watching is the layoffs that are happening in some of these big tech companies. Meta, Microsoft doing buyouts here. Um, how should investors be thinking about those right now? I mean, because in in some cases, it's good for the stocks, if not good, obviously.
Yeah. Yeah, this morning, Nike, and I think there's going to be more to this going in, you know, to the, you know, the middle and end of the year. I think we're seeing global markets and the economy just being repriced in real time. Repriced in real time. I I I don't think people really quite understand here how AI is going to affect all markets in different ways. And it's like Anthropic every time they release something is a different segment of the market that comes down. Um, and just to I I give you a real-life example, which I've been telling folks in my company turnkey, there are two people that have left the company. One was a data scientist, the other was a rocket scientist. So what remains is four of us in a full agentic devop back end. So the entire company is being run by AI agents now. So I think that to me was a signal that every other company bigger, um, than just a six, you know, person operation was going to have to deal with, all right, how do we make employees more effective with these tools? You're probably going to work more, not less with it. And then the the idea of being paid in tokens as opposed to salary. So, I think we're going to see more of this. Um, and to me, I've never been more cautious than I am right now and a little bit concerned about where we are and folks not really understanding the effect of AI on the market here.
I'm not ready to be paid in tokens, Tyrone.
Yeah.
Not even close.
I think you're safe. It's the rest of us that have to worry.
Thanks so much. It's great to see you.
Absolutely. Thanks for having me.
And that was FA Corner brought to you by Capital Group.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio