Title: Alphabet vs. Microsoft: A Comparison of Recent Revenue Trends
Date: 2026-04-09 18:01
URL: https://www.fool.com/coverage/charts/2026/04/09/alphabet-vs-microsoft-a-comparison-of-recent-revenue-trends/?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Revenue growth for both tech giants has remained steady over the past eight quarters, but their profit margins and business models reveal notable differences.
Alphabet(GOOGL+0.37%)(GOOG+0.53%)primarily earns revenue by offering digital advertising products, cloud computing infrastructure, and various software platforms to users and enterprises across global markets.
While it reported no major operational milestones or adverse events early this year, it recorded approximately 30% net income margin for the quarter ended Dec. 31, 2025.
Microsoft(MSFT0.34%)primarily generates revenue by licensing enterprise software, operating a cloud computing platform, and selling personal computing devices and gaming content worldwide.
It recently introduced intelligent automation tools for the retail sector and faced new securities law investigations, while posting approximately 47% net income margin for the quarter ended Dec. 31, 2025.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Revenue here refers to the data provider's standardized income-statement revenue line item, which serves as a baseline indicator of customer demand by showing exactly how much money the business brings in from its core operations before any expenses are deducted.
Data source: Company filings.
A notable trend amongMagnificent Sevenstocks is the revenue acceleration of Google parent Alphabet, particularly against its cloud competitor, Microsoft.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all,Stock Advisor’stotal average return is946%— a market-crushing outperformance compared to190%for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy right now…
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 6, 2026
In the latest quarter, revenue growth was about the same for each company, 18% for Alphabet versus 17% for Microsoft.
However, as previously mentioned, Alphabet continues to grow its revenue base at a more rapid clip, and the difference seems to come from the cloud. While Microsoft’s cloud revenue rose by 26%, Google Cloud increased its revenue by a staggering 48%!
Admittedly, Microsoft remains the leader in this space, generating $51.5 billion in quarterly revenue from the cloud compared to $17.7 billion for Google Cloud. Also, the fact that smaller businesses can more easily achieve higher-percentage growth could explain some of that success.
Nonetheless, for all of the talk of the demise of Alphabet’s digital advertising business, its revenue still rose by 14%. In comparison, Microsoft’s more personal computing segment, which includes Windows, experienced a 3%decline.
Thus, the state of legacy businesses as well as cloud growth appear to be significant factors in the Google parent’s revenue acceleration compared to its cloud rival.
Data source: Company filings. Data as of April 8, 2026.
Before you buy stock inAlphabet, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andAlphabetwasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $536,003!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,116,248!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is946% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to190%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2026.
Will Healyhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Alphabet and Microsoft. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over18 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 18 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends