Title: As Meta Platforms Unveils Muse Spark, Should You Buy META Stock Now?
Date: 2026-04-09 16:59
URL: https://www.barchart.com/story/news/1224619/as-meta-platforms-unveils-muse-spark-should-you-buy-meta-stock-now?.tsrc=rss

Content:
All information and data in this article is solely for informational purposes. For more information please view the Barchart Disclosure Policyhere
Share
After Meta Platforms(META)released a new AI model, which it has named Muse Spark, investors should first seek to determine whether the new product can be a needle mover for the company before buying META stock. Importantly, Meta's track record with AI models is not stellar, and the company itself appears to be downplaying the potency of Muse Spark.
Moreover, amid high gasoline prices that are likely to result in reduced consumer spending, Meta seems to have a great deal of exposure to these macroeconomic trends. Finally, two other Magnificent Seven names - Microsoft(MSFT)and Amazon(AMZN)- appear to have much bigger, potential, positive, medium-to-long-term catalysts than Muse Spark.
The owner of Facebook and Instagram, two of the world's most popular social-media websites, almost all of Meta's revenue is derived from advertising.
In the fourth quarter, the company'srevenue surged 24%versus the same period a year earlier to nearly $60 billion, but its income from operations rose only 6% year-over-year (YOY) to $24.75 billion.
META stockhas a market capitalizationof $15.5 trillion and a forward price-earnings ratio of 19.34 times. As of the market close on Apr. 8, the shares had dropped 4.41% year-to-date (YTD).
According to CNBC, the launch of Meta's open-source AI models roughly a year ago did not succeed in captivating developers, leading to disappointing results and preventing the firm from becoming a major player in the AI-model sector. Meanwhile, the company itself described Muse Spark as “ small and fast by design, yet capable enough to reason through complex questions in science, math, and health." Based on those descriptions, it doesn't sound like Meta believes that the model will upend the AI-model market or quickly become a huge difference-maker for the company as a whole.
In light of all of all of these points, investors should not assume that Muse Spark will be a positive needle-mover for the tech giant, even though it hired an AI whiz, Alexandr Wang, last June to help lead its efforts to develop more effective AI models.
Elevated gasoline prices are likely to cause consumer spending to drop globally, hurting the many consumer-product makers that advertise on Meta. And since advertising is often among the first expenditures that companies cut during tough times, Meta's revenue growth could drop significantly in the near-to-medium term.
First, Amazon is already benefiting tremendously from AI, as its AWS unitis growing rapidly,partly due to the strong demand for the AI tools that it markets. As the technology proliferates further, AWS' growth is likely to accelerate considerably. Also importantly,Amazon Leo, by supplying internet servicemore cheaplythan existing technology, at least in rural areas, will probably become an important, positive catalyst for AMZN stock. Further,Leo is off to a fast startwhen it comes to attracting major corporate customers.
Second, Microsoft is alsobenefiting meaningfullyfrom selling AI infrastructure, while its new AI tools appear to have a great deal of potential. Additionally, overdone worries about MSFT stock have created an excellent buying opportunity.
Stocks:1520minute delay (Cboe BZX is real-time), ET. Volume reflects consolidated markets. Futures and Forex: 10 or 15 minute delay, CT.Market Datapowered by Barchart Solutions. Fundamental data provided by Zacks andMorningstar.
© 2026 Barchart.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Please check your inbox for a link to activate your My Barchart Account.
If you do not receive the email within a few minutes check your spam folder
		orcontact our support teamfor assistance.
Complete required fields to continue.
Enter a valid email.
Please complete the reCAPTCHA to continue.
Please complete the reCAPTCHA to continue.
Please enter a valid email
Only one value is allowed.
First or Last name cannot contain ‘http’.
Oops, something went wrong. Please refresh the page and try again.
Password must be at least 8 characters.
Please complete the reCAPTCHA to continue.
We could not locate an account that uses this email address. Try again,create an account, orcontact our support team for assistance.
By Continuing, you agree to theTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy.
The content we make available on this website [and through our other channels] (the “Service”) was created, developed, compiled, prepared, revised, selected, and/or arranged by us, using our own methods and judgment, and through the expenditure of substantial time and effort. This Service and the content we make available are proprietary, and are protected by these Terms of Service (which is a contract between us and you), copyright laws, and other intellectual property laws and treaties. This Service is also protected as a collective work or compilation under U.S. copyright and other laws and treaties. We provide it for your personal, non-commercial use only.
You may not use, and may not authorize any third party to use, this Service or any content we make available on this Service in any manner that (i) is a source of or substitute for the Service or the content; (ii) affects our ability to earn money in connection with the Service or the content; or (iii) competes with the Service we provide. These restrictions apply to any robot, spider, scraper, web crawler, or other automated means or any similar manual process, or any software used to access the Service. You further agree not to violate the restrictions in any robot exclusion headers of this Service, if any, or bypass or circumvent other measures employed to prevent or limit access to the Service by automated means.