Title: Carvana rating shifted to Neutral but BofA sees long-term potential
Date: 2026-04-06 16:52 UTC
URL: https://www.proactiveinvestors.com/companies/news/1090054/carvana-rating-shifted-to-neutral-but-bofa-sees-long-term-potential-1090054.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
The content on this Site is provided for information purposes only and does not constitute investment advice, a personal recommendation, an offer or solicitation to buy or sell securities, or any other regulated activity. It should not be relied upon as the basis for any investment decision.

Before making any investment decision, you should:

Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future results. The value of investments can fall as well as rise. You may not recover the amount you invest, and in some cases you may be required to pay more.

Angela Harmantas is an Editor at Proactive. She has over 15 years of experience covering the equity markets in North America, with a particular focus on junior resource stocks. Angela has reported from numerous countries around the world, including Canada, the US, Australia, Brazil, Ghana, and South Africa for leading trade publications. Previously, she worked in investor relations and led the foreign direct investment program in Canada for the Swedish government. She earned a Bachelor of... Read more

Proactive financial news and online broadcast teams provide fast, accessible, informative and actionable business and finance news content to a global investment audience. All our content is produced independently by our experienced and qualified teams of news journalists.

Proactive news team spans the world’s key finance and investing hubs with bureaus and studios in London, New York, Toronto, Vancouver, Sydney and Perth.

We are experts in medium and small-cap markets, we also keep our community up to date with blue-chip companies, commodities and broader investment stories. This is content that excites and engages motivated private investors.

The team delivers news and unique insights across the market including but not confined to: biotech and pharma, mining and natural resources, battery metals, oil and gas, crypto and emerging digital and EV technologies.

Proactive has always been a forward looking and enthusiastic technology adopter.

Our human content creators are equipped with many decades of valuable expertise and experience. The team also has access to and use technologies to assist and enhance workflows.

Proactive will on occasion use automation and software tools, including generative AI. Nevertheless, all content published by Proactive is edited and authored by humans, in line with best practice in regard to content production and search engine optimisation.

Published: 12:52 06 Apr 2026 EDT

Bank of America shifted its rating on Carvana Co. (NYSE:CVNA) to Neutral on Monday, signaling a more cautious near-term outlook for the online used-car retailer.

The move reflects a mix of macroeconomic pressures and industry dynamics that have tempered earlier optimism, according to a note from the bank. While Carvana has executed well operationally, rising two-year US Treasury yields, higher gasoline prices, and intensifying competition are weighing on potential near-term gains.

“Recent macro and industry developments make the near-term risk/reward look more balanced,” BofA analysts wrote. “Despite management’s strong execution, we see headwinds that could limit a rapid recovery in gross profit per unit and unit growth.”

The bank highlighted four emerging challenges: the impact of rising short-term rates on financing spreads, aggressive margin competition from key rivals, tempered expectations for year-over-year unit growth, and younger consumers’ greater exposure to higher fuel costs. Notably, nearly 44% of Carvana’s mobile app users are under 35, a demographic particularly sensitive to gasoline price spikes.

However, BofA remained confident in Carvana’s long-term growth potential. The company is on track to become the largest independent US car dealer, with 7.5% market share in legacy hubs such as Phoenix and Atlanta. Analysts also pointed to strong leverage on selling, general, and administrative expenses and continued strength in non-prime loan performance as positive indicators.

“Near-term risks are balanced, but the long-term opportunity remains intact,” BofA wrote, noting that Carvana’s refinancing options and demographic advantages could support sustained growth.

The firm set a new price target of $360, down from $400, compared with Carvana’s Monday morning stock price of $313.91.
