Title: Dow downgraded by Bank of America due to "unsustainable tailwinds"
Date: 2026-04-06 17:43 UTC
URL: https://www.proactiveinvestors.com/companies/news/1090058/bank-of-america-downgrades-us-chemical-stocks-following-price-rally-1090058.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
The content on this Site is provided for information purposes only and does not constitute investment advice, a personal recommendation, an offer or solicitation to buy or sell securities, or any other regulated activity. It should not be relied upon as the basis for any investment decision.

Before making any investment decision, you should:

Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future results. The value of investments can fall as well as rise. You may not recover the amount you invest, and in some cases you may be required to pay more.

Emily began her career as a political journalist for Australian Community Media in Hobart, Tasmania. After she relocated to Toronto, Canada, she reported on business, legal, and scientific developments in the emerging psychedelics sector before joining Proactive in 2022. She brings a strong journalism background with her work featured in newspapers, magazines, and digital publications across Australia, Europe, and North America, including The Examiner, The Advocate, The Canberra Times, and... Read more

Proactive financial news and online broadcast teams provide fast, accessible, informative and actionable business and finance news content to a global investment audience. All our content is produced independently by our experienced and qualified teams of news journalists.

Proactive news team spans the world’s key finance and investing hubs with bureaus and studios in London, New York, Toronto, Vancouver, Sydney and Perth.

We are experts in medium and small-cap markets, we also keep our community up to date with blue-chip companies, commodities and broader investment stories. This is content that excites and engages motivated private investors.

The team delivers news and unique insights across the market including but not confined to: biotech and pharma, mining and natural resources, battery metals, oil and gas, crypto and emerging digital and EV technologies.

Proactive has always been a forward looking and enthusiastic technology adopter.

Our human content creators are equipped with many decades of valuable expertise and experience. The team also has access to and use technologies to assist and enhance workflows.

Proactive will on occasion use automation and software tools, including generative AI. Nevertheless, all content published by Proactive is edited and authored by humans, in line with best practice in regard to content production and search engine optimisation.

Published: 13:43 06 Apr 2026 EDT

Bank of America has downgraded its ratings for three major US chemical companies, citing concerns that recent share price gains may not be sustainable.

The investment bank lowered Dow Inc (NYSE:DOW) and LyondellBasell Industries NV (NYSE:LYB) to ‘Underperform,’ while Westlake Chemical (NYSE:WLK) was downgraded to ‘Neutral.’

The move comes after a significant year-to-date rally, with stock prices for the companies rising 60% to 80%.

Bank of America noted that the recent price gains were partly driven by market factors linked to the ongoing conflict in Iran, which it described as “unsustainable tailwinds.”

The analysts believe that as markets normalize, fundamentals, including oversupply and downward pressure on petrochemical prices, are likely to come back into focus, potentially weighing on shares.

Despite the downgrades, the bank has raised earnings forecasts for all three companies to reflect current market conditions and a higher energy price backdrop.

Price targets were also adjusted: LYB’s target increased to $68 from $55, DOW’s to $35 from $31, and WLK’s to $119 from $115.

LYB traded hands at $78 on Monday afternoon, while DOW shares were at $41, and WLK was at $118.

The bank highlighted that while near-term profits may remain elevated due to ongoing market dislocations, investor attention is expected to shift toward more “normal” earnings profiles by 2027 and 2028.

The analysts added that any resolution of regional conflicts without structural changes in capacity could lead to global oversupply, presenting challenges for sustained earnings growth.
