Title:   Model N Appoints Thomas Gibbs to Board of Directors
Date:    2026-05-05 13-00
URL:     https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/healthcare/articles/model-n-appoints-thomas-gibbs-130000422.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap. Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin) Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know. Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week. April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation. Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower' The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it) Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience' Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press) Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war. If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans. The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020 The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year. Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed Powell holds what is expected to be his final press conference as chair after the Fed keeps rates steady Fed holds interest rates steady with no end to Iran war in sight Elon Musk testified again in the OpenAI trial, describing his behavior at the company and its nonprofit 'halo' A Senate committee confirmed Kevin Warsh, sending his nomination to be chairman of the Fed to the full Senate Stocks slipped at the open as investors awaited a Fed decision and Big Tech earnings The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1 The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings. The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs. Seasoned pharmaceutical executive brings over 25 years of commercial leadership to Model N board REDWOOD CITY, Calif., May 05, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Model N, a leading end-to-end commercialization, revenue optimization, and compliance platform for life sciences companies, announced the appointment of Thomas Gibbs to the company’s board of directors. Gibbs has over 25 years of leadership experience across Executive Management, Marketing, Sales, Commercial Operations, and Finance at small, mid-size, and large pharmaceutical companies. He is the Executive Vice President and President of Lundbeck US, a biopharmaceutical company focused exclusively on brain health. Throughout his career, Gibbs has held senior commercial and general management roles at Johnson & Johnson, Novartis, Bristol Myers Squibb, Takeda, Endo Pharmaceuticals, Vanda Pharmaceuticals, OptiNose, and Sunovion. These include Chief Commercial Officer positions overseeing U.S., Canadian, and European markets for companies with leading central nervous system (CNS) franchises. “Tom brings deep pharmaceutical leadership and extensive experience scaling complex, global organizations while driving measurable business impact,” said Bret Connor, CEO of Model N. “His strength lies in integrating strategy, analytics, and cross-functional collaboration to help drive sustainable growth. As Model N continues to advance its offerings and expand globally, we believe his expertise will play an important role in our continued momentum.” “Life sciences companies face increasing pressure to modernize operations and enable sustainable, data-driven growth, and Model N is uniquely positioned to support that journey,” said Gibbs. “I look forward to bringing my experience to help advance Model N’s strategy and deliver greater value for its customers.” Gibbs’ role was sourced through the external board program operated by Vista Equity Partners, a global technology investor that specializes in enterprise software and is a majority investor in Model N. Launched in 2017, the board program leverages Vista’s ecosystem and additional resources to identify, train, and appoint qualified board candidates for its portfolio companies. The program works to create a pipeline of highly talented board candidates through programs and partnerships that will drive results for the corporate world at large. For more about Model N, visit www.modeln.com. ### About Model NFor more than 25 years, Model N has been the leader in end-to-end commercialization, revenue optimization, and compliance for pharmaceutical, medtech, and high-tech innovators. With a focus on innovation and customer success, Model N helps manufacturers streamline their revenue operations and remain compliant, empowering them to deliver life-changing products to the world. Our intelligent platform, purpose-built solutions, and advanced analytics and AI automation are trusted by more than 150 of the world’s leading companies across more than 120 countries. For more information, visit www.modeln.com. CONTACT: PANBlast for Model N modeln@panblastpr.com  Weʼre unable to load stories right now. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
