Title:   Johnson & Johnson Announces Pivotal Clinical Study Results for a New Soft-Tissue Surgical Robotic System
Date:    2026-05-05 11-00
URL:     https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/healthcare/articles/johnson-johnson-announces-pivotal-clinical-110000038.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap. Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin) Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know. Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week. April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation. Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower' The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it) Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience' Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press) Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war. If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans. The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020 The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year. Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed Powell holds what is expected to be his final press conference as chair after the Fed keeps rates steady Fed holds interest rates steady with no end to Iran war in sight Elon Musk testified again in the OpenAI trial, describing his behavior at the company and its nonprofit 'halo' A Senate committee confirmed Kevin Warsh, sending his nomination to be chairman of the Fed to the full Senate Stocks slipped at the open as investors awaited a Fed decision and Big Tech earnings The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1 The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings. The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs. Study results represent a critical milestone for the investigational OTTAVA™ Robotic Surgical System Data demonstrates feasibility of novel system architecture with table‑integrated robotic arms in space‑constrained ORs Abstract presented at the 2026 American Society for Metabolic and Bariatric Surgery (ASMBS) Annual Meeting Presidential Grand Round Sessions in San Antonio, Texas SANTA CLARA, Calif., May 05, 2026--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Today, Johnson & Johnson announced results from the first clinical study of the investigational OTTAVA™ Robotic Surgical System – a prospective, multicenter clinical study evaluating the safety and performance of the system in Roux-en-Y gastric bypass procedures. The results were presented at the 2026 American Society for Metabolic and Bariatric Surgery (ASMBS) Annual Meeting (Abstract #4153). In the 30-patient cohort, the study met its primary safety and performance endpoints through 30 days post-procedure, and investigators completed all procedures robotically on OTTAVA™ without conversion to a non-robotic approach. Average weight loss by 30 days after surgery was 30 pounds. These clinical data, together with preclinical testing, were used to support an application to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for De Novo classification targeting an indication covering multiple procedures in general surgery within the upper abdomen, such as gastric bypass, gastric sleeve, small bowel resection and hiatal hernia repair. "The data show encouraging evidence regarding the safety and performance of the OTTAVA™ Robotic Surgical System in Roux-en-Y gastric bypass procedures," said Erik Wilson*, M.D., Chief of Minimally Invasive and Elective General Surgery, UTHealth Houston, Director of Bariatric Surgery, Memorial Hermann-Texas Medical Center, and lead investigator for the clinical study. "Continued innovation in bariatric surgery is important to patient care, and I am pleased to present these initial clinical results." Addressing Bariatric Complexities In the U.S. alone, more than two in five adults have obesity.1 Metabolic and bariatric surgical procedures are effective, long-term treatment options for weight loss management. Many of these procedures, including Roux-en-Y gastric bypass, are increasingly performed robotically.2 Roux‑en‑Y gastric bypass is an essential intervention in the management of obesity, with recent research indicating the treatment is most effective and durable for severe obesity.3,4 The operation is technically demanding relative to other bariatric procedures – requiring both restrictive and reconstructive steps that typically span multiple abdominal quadrants and leveraging a broad spectrum of surgical tasks. "This is an exciting milestone for our program as we share the role of OTTAVA™ as a robotic surgical system with a novel architecture supporting patient treatment during the clinical trial," said Hani Abouhalka, Company Group Chair, Surgery, MedTech, Johnson & Johnson. "This work also underscores our long-term commitment to bariatric surgeons and to equipping clinicians with a broad portfolio of surgical technologies to address the complexity of obesity care. Across open, laparoscopic, and robotic surgery, we remain focused on translating innovation into real-world solutions that help surgeons broaden access to precision surgical care and improve outcomes for patients." Designed for Optimized OR Workflows OTTAVA™ is designed as a multi-specialty soft-tissue surgery robot, built to enable a broad range of procedures across multiple specialties, to be supported with multiple clinical trials. The system’s novel architecture incorporates four robotic arms integrated into a standard size surgical table, removing the need for a separate boom or carts. In this study, OTTAVA™ was installed and used successfully across operating rooms (ORs) at all six participating hospitals. OR sizes ranged from approximately 243 to 694 sq. ft. In five of the six sites, procedures were performed in ORs that previously had not been used for robotic surgery, including rooms historically considered challenging for robotic systems due to space constraints. "Our progress with OTTAVA™ relies on rigorous preclinical work, disciplined data collection in the clinic, and tight collaboration with the surgeons who use it – especially the investigators in the FORTE clinical study. These results further illustrate how novel architecture supports a differentiated approach where it matters most: in real operating rooms, with real patients," said Peter Schulam, M.D., Ph.D., Chief Scientific Officer, MedTech, Johnson & Johnson. "At each step – from bench to preclinical and now human trial – we have observed that this system can allow more hospital ORs to accommodate robotics. These results demonstrate that the novel architecture can integrate into existing infrastructure and remove practical barriers to broader adoption." About the FORTE Study The Safety and Performance of the OTTAVA™ Robotic System: A Prospective Multi-Center Evaluation (FORTE) Study (NCT06709261) is a single-arm, open-label clinical trial conducted across six study sites in the U.S. The purpose of the study is to evaluate safety and performance of OTTAVA™ through 30 days after Roux-en-Y gastric bypass surgery. Data from the FORTE study, together with supporting preclinical testing, were included in an application to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for De Novo classification. The OTTAVA™ Robotic Surgical System is under development and is not authorized to be marketed or sold in any market. About Surgical Solutions from Johnson & Johnson MedTech Across Johnson & Johnson, we are tackling the world’s most complex and pervasive health challenges. For over 100 years, we have helped advance surgical care through our innovative portfolio across wound closure, adjunctive hemostats, surgical stapling and instruments, robotics and digital solutions. Together, with clinicians and healthcare experts around the world we are progressing what’s next in surgery to better solve patient needs in metabolic and cardiovascular disease, cancer, and aesthetics and reconstruction. For more, visit https://www.jnjmedtech.com/en-US/. About Johnson & Johnson At Johnson & Johnson, we believe health is everything. Our strength in healthcare innovation empowers us to build a world where complex diseases are prevented, treated, and cured, where treatments are smarter and less invasive, and solutions are personal. Through our expertise in Innovative Medicine and MedTech, we are uniquely positioned to innovate across the full spectrum of healthcare solutions today to deliver the breakthroughs of tomorrow, and profoundly impact health for humanity. Learn more about our MedTech sector’s global scale and deep expertise in cardiovascular, orthopaedics, surgery and vision solutions at https://www.jnjmedtech.com/en-US/. Follow us at @JNJMedTech and on LinkedIn. Ethicon, Inc. is a Johnson & Johnson company. Cautions Concerning Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains "forward-looking statements" as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 related to the OTTAVA Robotic Surgical System. The reader is cautioned not to rely on these forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current expectations of future events. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results could vary materially from the expectations and projections of Johnson & Johnson. Risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: challenges and uncertainties inherent in product research and development, including the uncertainty of clinical success and of obtaining regulatory approvals; uncertainty of commercial success; manufacturing difficulties and delays; competition, including technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges to patents; product efficacy or safety concerns resulting in product recalls or regulatory action; changes in behavior and spending patterns or financial distress of purchasers of health care products and services; and global health care reforms and trends toward health care cost containment. A further list and descriptions of these risks, uncertainties and other factors can be found in Johnson & Johnson’s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, including in the sections captioned "Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements" and "Item 1A. Risk Factors," and in Johnson & Johnson’s subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Copies of these filings are available online at www.sec.gov, www.jnj.com, www.investor.jnj.com or on request from Johnson & Johnson. Johnson & Johnson does not undertake to update any forward-looking statement as a result of new information or future events or developments. *Dr. Wilson is a paid consultant for Johnson & Johnson. References Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). Adult Obesity Facts. American Society for Metabolic and Bariatric Surgery (ASMBS). Estimate of Bariatric Surgery Numbers. The ASMBS total bariatric procedure numbers are based on the best estimation from available data (BOLD, ACS/MBSAQIP, National Inpatient Sample Data and outpatient estimations). Brown A, Patel SS, Li E, et al. Bariatric surgery vs. GLP-1 receptor agonists among primarily medicare and medicaid patients with diabetes: a 3-year analysis. Surg Endosc. 2026;40(1):671-678. doi:10.1007/s00464-025-12403-y Rodriguez PJ, Zhang V, Gratzl S, et al. Discontinuation and Reinitiation of Dual-Labeled GLP-1 Receptor Agonists Among US Adults With Overweight or Obesity. JAMA Netw Open. 2025;8(1):e2457349. doi:10.1001/jamanetworkopen.2024.57349 View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20260505941768/en/ Contacts Media Contact:Lindsey Diaz-MacInnisLDiazMac@its.jnj.com Investor Contact: investor-relations@its.jnj.com Weʼre unable to load stories right now. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
