Title: Hims & Hers price target slashed amid GLP-1 transition
Date: 2026-04-08 17:25
URL: https://www.proactiveinvestors.com/companies/news/1090217/hims-hers-price-target-slashed-amid-glp-1-transition-1090217.html?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Pharma & Biotech
Gold & Silver
Crypto
Battery Metals
Artificial Intelligence
The content on this Site is provided for information purposes only and does not constitute investment advice, a personal recommendation, an offer or solicitation to buy or sell securities, or any other regulated activity. It should not be relied upon as the basis for any investment decision.
Before making any investment decision, you should:
Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future results. The value of investments can fall as well as rise. You may not recover the amount you invest, and in some cases you may be required to pay more.
Emily began her career as a political journalist for Australian Community Media in Hobart, Tasmania. After she relocated to Toronto, Canada, she reported on business, legal, and scientific developments in the emerging psychedelics sector before joining Proactive in 2022. She brings a strong journalism background with her work featured in newspapers, magazines, and digital publications across Australia, Europe, and North America, including The Examiner, The Advocate, The Canberra Times, and...Read more
Proactive financial news and online broadcast teams provide fast, accessible, informative and actionable business and finance news content to a global investment audience. All our content is produced independently by our experienced and qualified teams of news journalists.
Proactive news team spans the world’s key finance and investing hubs with bureaus and studios in London, New York, Toronto, Vancouver, Sydney and Perth.
We are experts in medium and small-cap markets, we also keep our community up to date with blue-chip companies, commodities and broader investment stories. This is content that excites and engages motivated private investors.
The team delivers news and unique insights across the market including but not confined to: biotech and pharma, mining and natural resources, battery metals, oil and gas, crypto and emerging digital and EV technologies.
Proactive has always been a forward looking and enthusiastic technology adopter.
Our human content creators are equipped with many decades of valuable expertise and experience. The team also has access to and use technologies to assist and enhance workflows.
Proactive will on occasion use automation and software tools, including generative AI. Nevertheless, all content published by Proactive is edited and authored by humans, in line with best practice in regard to content production and search engine optimisation.
Published:12:25 08 Apr 2026 EDT
Bank of America lowered its 2026 price target for Hims & Hers (NYSE:HIMS) to $21 from $23, citing peer multiple compression and near-term earnings pressures.
Shares of Hims & Hers traded hands at about $20 on Wednesday, down almost 39% so far this year.
The firm reiterated a ‘Neutral’ rating, noting significant uncertainty and potential downside for near-term EBITDA.
The analysts projected 2026 EBITDA could come in roughly 20% below Street consensus and estimated GLP-1 EBITDA contributions might fall by as much as 50% year-over-year.
They highlighted that the company’s shift to branded GLP-1 offerings and international expansion is expected to weigh on margins.
“Ultimately, the shift to branded may create a more sustainable platform, but with a margin headwind near-term as recent investments need to be repurposed or wound down,” the analysts wrote.
Despite near-term margin concerns, Bank of America cited potential growth in the branded segment. The analysts wrote that the $149-per-month branded GLP-1 plan has the potential to generate EBITDA per subscriber similar to compounded offerings over time, but emphasized that success will depend on how many customers switch from the low-cost model.
They estimated Hims & Hers could convert 40% to 50% of existing subscribers to branded plans and retain 5-10% on compounded offerings, generating roughly $60 million to $90 million in quarterly GLP-1 revenue, along with additional growth from cash-pay subscribers.
International expansion was also highlighted as a growth avenue. Hims & Hers aims to grow its international business to over $1 billion in the next three years, with a mid-teens organic CAGR.
Bank of America’s checks on the Eucalyptus platform indicated that about 90% of revenue is expected from branded GLP-1 distribution, operating at roughly 40% gross margins.
The analysts added that “a half-year of Eucalyptus contributions could be a 1 to 2 percentage point EBITDA margin headwind for HIMS assuming Eucalyptus is operating at a low single-digit EBITDA margin loss,” but noted potential for margin improvement over time.
Sign up to receive alerts and news direct to your inbox
BioVie CEO Cuong Do joined Steve Darling from Proactive to discuss the company’s novel approach to treating Parkinson’s disease, focusing on neuroinflammation and insulin resistance as key drivers of the condition.Do challenged the traditional view of Parkinson’s as solely a dopamine-related...
Copyright © Proactive Group Holdings Inc, 2026
All Rights Reserved - Proactive North America Inc., Proactive Investors LLC.
Market Indices, Commodities and Regulatory News Headlines copyright © Morningstar. Data delayed 15 minutes unless otherwise indicated.Terms of use.