Title: The cost-of-living crisis is so bad Gen Z women have decided to live with nuns in their convents
Date: 2026-04-09 10:05
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/economy/articles/cost-living-crisis-bad-gen-090500183.html?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian.
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
The cost-of-living crisis is plaguing many people right now, and the younger you are, the higher the chance you'll face the brunt of it.
More than half of Gen Z-ers responding to Bank of America's 2025 Better Habits Study said the high cost of living was a barrier to financial success (1).
According to the Michigan Journal of Economics, younger generations are being forced to adopt creative new approaches (2) to cope with the challenges of "stagnant starting wages and minimal asset ownership," which result in a higher personal inflation rate.
Thanks to Jeff Bezos, you can nowbecome a landlord for as little as $100— and no, you don't have to deal with tenants or fix freezers. Here's how
Robert Kiyosaki begs investors not to miss this ‘explosion’ — saysthis 1 asset will surge 400% in a year
Dave Ramsey warns nearly 50% of Americans are making 1 big Social Security mistake —here’s what it is and the simple steps to fix it ASAP
For some young people, it means getting creative when it comes to housing — and not just downsizing from a one-bedroom to a studio, or moving in with parents. One novel example? Some young women have moved in with nuns in the heart of London, England.
But they're not joining the religious order. They rent rooms at The Religious of Mary Immaculate (RMI) Hostel, part of a network of convents and associated hostels globally. In a recent TikTok for The Daily Mail UK, journalist Mimi Yates spoke to nuns and the Gen Z residents there.
"I came to this convent to see how living with nuns is a low-cost solution to a very modern problem" Yates said (3).
While Yates did not reveal the rent charged for the long-term rooms, both she and the residents she spoke with describe it as "cheap" and "very reasonable.”
That being said, this unique living situation does come with its own set of rules. For example, only women can live there and they can't bring men to their rooms — although they can socialize with male friends in the common area. They also have a set curfew for both weekdays and weekends.
Despite these rules, it’s a welcoming place for the women. One resident named Karen is an aspiring burlesque dancer, and the sisters are supportive of her dream. Another resident, Sophia, described it as "cozy, safe, full of friends"
There are additional perks. Breakfast is provided every morning and the nuns and other residents have weekly movie nights (4, 5), adding more social and money-saving benefits to this living arrangement.
Read More:How to apply Dave Ramsey’s 7 Baby Steps to your own life
A growing number of young people are embracing communal living — whether in a nuns' hostel or elsewhere — as a way to cut back on rent, opting for co-living spaces.
Co-living spaces are rentals with varying terms (some you can book for just three months) in which you have a small bedroom to yourself but share all other spaces with other residents.
They offer flexibility to people whose work life may be in flux or who are prioritizing travel before settling down. It's a way to enjoy both the social benefits of community and the economic benefits of shared resources.
Amity School of Architecture and Planning researchers Divya Singh and Deepti Pande Rana wrote a 2025 study (6) on this trend: Co-Living Spaces for GEN Z: Sustainable and Socially Interactive Interiors.
They note that Gen Z's "digital proficiency, environmental awareness, and a strong preference for shared experiences" make co-living perfect — allowing for remote work and more sustainable living.
Seeing as fewer Gen Zers are receiving financial support from parents and family — 39% in 2025, down from 46% in 2024, according to Bank of America — cutting costs independently is key in getting through these highly-inflated times, whether you go the route of downsizing your current space, or finding a cozy convent looking for residents.
Taxes are going to change for retirees under Trump’s ‘big beautiful bill’ —here are 4 reasons you can’t afford to waste time
Robert Kiyosakiissues grim warning for baby boomers: many could be ‘wiped out’ and homeless ‘all over’ the country
Turning 50 with $0 saved? Good news, you’re actually entering your prime earning years.Here are 6 ways to catch up fast
Vanguard’s outlook on U.S. stocks is raising alarm bells for retirees.Here’s why and how to protect yourself
Join 250,000+ readers and get Moneywise’s best stories and exclusive interviews first — clear insights curated and delivered weekly.Subscribe now.
We rely only on vetted sources and credible third-party reporting. For details, see ourethics and guidelines.
Bank of America(1); Michigan Journal of Economics(2); TikTok(3,4, 5); Journals Pub(6)
This article provides information only and should not be construed as advice. It is provided without warranty of any kind.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio