Title: 341 Merrill Advisors Recognized on the 2026 Barron's "Top 1,500 Financial Advisors" List. Published on March 20, 2026. Ranking based on data as of September 30, 2025.
Date: 2026-04-09 14:30
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/341-merrill-advisors-recognized-2026-133000043.html?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian.
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
Barron's named 9 Merrill Advisors No. 1 in their state
Key Points:
341 Merrill advisors recognizedon the 2026 Barron'sTop 1,500 Financial Advisorslist.
Nine Merrill advisors ranked No. 1 in their state.
NEW YORK,April 9, 2026/PRNewswire/ --Barron's recognized 341 Merrill Wealth Management and Merrill Private Wealth Advisors on its annualTop 1,500 Financial AdvisorsList (Published on March 20, 2026. Ranking based on data as of September 30, 2025). Merrill also had 9 advisors named No. 1 in the state. This high-level representation speaks directly to the quality of Merrill's talent and their dedication to serving client needs.
"This year's recognition underscores the depth and strength of our advisor community," saidKenneth Correa, Head of Business and Client Development at Merrill. "It reflects the passion our advisors bring to their clients every day and their commitment to exceptional advice and service. We're incredibly proud of this culture and congratulate our outstanding advisors on this well‑deserved recognition."
Barron's ranked the following Merrill advisors as #1 in their respective state.
Jeff Erdmann, Greenwich, CT – #1
Rod Westmoreland, Atlanta, GA – #1
Martin Gregor, Indianapolis, IN – #1
Curtis Eustis, New Orleans, LA – #1
Kent Pearce, Towson, MD – #1
David Briegs, Bridgewater, NJ – #1
Michael Stevens, Albuquerque, NM – #1
Matthew Monger, Tulsa, OK – #1
Richard Migliore, Columbia, SC – #1
Full list:2026 Top Advisor Rankings by State
The Barron's "Top Financial Advisors" ranking is an annual list that aims to shine a spotlight on the nation's top wealth managers[1]and raise industry standards. The rankings are based on data provided by over 7,000 of the nation's most productive advisors. Factors included in the rankings: assets under management, revenue produced for the firm, regulatory record, quality of practice, and philanthropic work.
For the full list and methodology, visit:Barron's Top Advisors Methodology.
Frequently asked questions
Question: What is the Barron's "Top 1,500 Financial Advisors" list?
Answer:Barron's publishes four individual advisor rankings and three team or firm rankings each year aiming to shine a spotlight on the nation's top financial advisors and teams. Historically this list has been called the Barron's "Top 1,200 Financial Advisors" list, as it expanded to 1,500 in 2026.
Question: What other lists have Merrill advisors appeared on this year?
Answer:Merrill advisors have appeared on the following lists so far in 2026:
4,837 advisors and 1,844 teams on the2026 Forbes "Best-in-State Wealth Management Teams"(Rankings published January 7, 2026, based on data as of March 31, 2025)[2]
23 advisors on the2026 Forbes "America's Top Women Wealth Advisors"(Rankings published February 4, 2026, based on data as of June 30, 2025)[3]
539 advisors on the2026 Forbes "Top Women Wealth Advisors Best-in-State"(Rankings published February 4, 2026, based on data as of June 30, 2025)[4]
24 advisors on the2026 Financial Planning "Top 40 Brokers Under 40"(Rankings published February 10, 2026, based on data as of September 30, 2025)[5]
Question: How does Merrill support the continued development of its advisors?
Answer:Merrill invests heavily in ongoing advisor development through training programs, practice management resources, leadership development, and access to specialists. Advisors at every career stage can receive support to deepen expertise, evolve their practices, and help serving increasingly complex client needs.
Question: How does Merrill invest in the training and development of next‑generation advisors?
Answer:Merrill has a long‑standing commitment to developing the next generation of advisors through its Advisor Development Program. The program is designed to build strong foundational skills while preparing advisors to serve increasingly complex client needs.
Question: How does Merrill's solutions, platform and technology support its advisors?
Answer:Merrill provides clients, through their advisors, with an integrated platform that brings together planning, investment, banking, and lending capabilities. Through an open‑architecture investment approach and providing access to banking capabilities, advisors have access to a broad range of solutions. Merrill continues to invest in its platform and technology, including capabilities supporting alternative investments, to help advisors navigate complexity, scale their practices, and deliver personalized advice.
Bank of America
Bank of America Bank of America is one of the world's leading financial institutions, serving individual consumers, small and middle-market businesses and large corporations with a full range of banking, investing, asset management and other financial and risk management products and services. The company provides unmatched convenience in the United States, serving nearly 70 million clients with approximately 3,600 retail financial centers, approximately 15,000 ATMs (automated teller machines) and award-winning digital banking with approximately 59 million verified digital users. Bank of America is a global leader in wealth management, corporate and investment banking and trading across a broad range of asset classes, serving corporations, governments, institutions and individuals around the world. Bank of America offers industry-leading support to approximately 4 million small business households through a suite of innovative, easy-to-use online products and services. The company serves clients through operations across the United States, its territories and more than 35 countries. Bank of America Corporation stock (NYSE: BAC) is listed on the New York Stock Exchange.
For more Bank of America news, including dividend announcements and other important information, visit theBank of America newsroomandregister for news email alerts.
Reporters may contact
Julia Ehrenfeld, Bank of AmericaPhone: 1.646.855.3267julia.ehrenfeld@bofa.com
Footnotes
[1]2026 Barron's "Top Financial Advisors" list. Opinions are Barron's, who evaluated advisors with a minimum of seven years financial services experience and employed at their current firm for at least one year. Ranking spots determined by each state's population and wealth. Other quantitative and qualitative measures include assets under management, revenues generated for the firm, quality of practice, regulatory records, internal company documents, and 100-plus points of advisor-provided data. Rankings do not reflect any one client's experience, endorse any advisor and do not guarantee future investment success. Compensation was not received from anyone for the study. Barron's is a trademark of Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All rights reserved.
[2]2026 Forbes "Best-in-State Wealth Management Teams" list. Opinions provided by SHOOK* Research, LLC and is based on in-person, virtual and telephone due-diligence meetings and a ranking algorithm that measure best practices, client retention, industry experience, credentials, compliance records, firm nominations, assets under management and Firm-generated revenue (investment performance is not a criterion because client objectives and risk tolerance vary). SHOOK's rankings are available for client evaluation only, are not indicative of future performance and do not represent any one client's experience and available for investor help in evaluating the right financial advisor and not an endorsement of the advisor. Compensation was not received from anyone for the rankings study. Past performance does not guarantee future results. Details available at the SHOOK Research website. SHOOK is a registered trademark of SHOOK Research, LLC.
[3]2026 Forbes "America's Top Women Wealth Advisors" list. Opinions provided by SHOOK® Research, LLC and is based on in-person, virtual and telephone due-diligence meetings that measure best practices, client retention, industry experience, credentials, compliance records, firm nominations, assets under management and Firm-generated revenue (investment performance is not a criterion). SHOOK's rankings are available for client evaluation only, are not indicative of future performance and do not represent any one client's experience and available for investor help in evaluating the right financial advisor and should not be considered an endorsement of the advisor. Compensation was not received from anyone for the study. Past performance does not guarantee future results. Details available at the SHOOK Research website. SHOOK is a registered trademark of SHOOK Research, LLC.
[4]2026 Forbes "Top Women Wealth Advisors Best-in-State" list. Opinions provided by SHOOK® Research, LLC and is based on in-person, virtual and telephone due-diligence meetings that measure best practices, client retention, industry experience, credentials, compliance records, firm nominations, assets under management and Firm-generated revenue (investment performance is not a criterion). SHOOK's rankings are available for client evaluation only, are not indicative of future performance and do not represent any one client's experience and available for investor help in evaluating the right financial advisor and should not be considered an endorsement of the advisor. Compensation was not received from anyone for the study. Past performance does not guarantee future results. Details available at the SHOOK Research website. SHOOK is a registered trademark of SHOOK Research, LLC.
[5]2026 Financial Planning's "Top 40 Brokers Under 40" list is compiled using data solicited from advisors' employers. Opinions provided by Financial Planning considered advisors under 40 years old who work at an employee brokerage firm. Primary ranking is based on trailing 12-month production for each advisor. Financial Planning is a national publication serving the wealth management industry and retail brokers working in the employee channel for wirehouses and regional broker-dealers. Financial Planning's rankings do not reflect all client experiences, endorse any advisor, indicate future performance or future success and are available for client evaluation only. Compensation was not received from anyone for the study. Financial Planning is a trademark of Arizent. All rights reserved.
Important disclosures
Investment products
Are Not FDIC Insured
Are Not Bank Guaranteed
May Lose Value
Investing involves risk. There is always the potential of losing money when you invest in securities. Past performance does not guarantee future results. Asset allocation, rebalancing and diversification do not guarantee against risk in broadly declining markets.
Merrill, its affiliates, and financial advisors do not provide legal, tax, or accounting advice. You should consult your legal and/or tax advisors before making any financial decisions.
This material is not intended as a recommendation, offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of any security or investment strategy. Merrill offers a broad range of brokerage, investment advisory (including financial planning) and other services. Additional information is available in ourClient Relationship Summary.
This material does not take into account a client's particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs and is not intended as a recommendation, offer, or solicitation for the purchase or sale of any security or investment strategy. Merrill offers a broad range of brokerage, investment advisory (including financial planning) and other services. There are important differences between brokerage and investment advisory services, including the type of advice and assistance provided, the fees charged, and the rights and obligations of the parties. It is important to understand the differences, particularly when determining which service or services to select. For more information about these services and their differences, speak with your Merrill financial advisor.
Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (also referred to as "MLPF&S" or "Merrill") makes available certain investment products sponsored, managed, distributed or provided by companies that are affiliates of Bank of America Corporation ("BofA Corp."). MLPF&S is a registered broker-dealer, registered investment adviser,Member SIPCand a wholly owned subsidiary of BofA Corp.
The Chief Investment Office (CIO) provides thought leadership on wealth management, investment strategy and global markets; portfolio management solutions; due diligence; and solutions oversight and data analytics. CIO viewpoints are developed for Bank of America Private Bank, a division of Bank of America, N.A., ("Bank of America") and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated ("MLPF&S" or "Merrill"), a registered broker-dealer, registered investment adviser and a wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation.
Insurance and annuity products are offered through Merrill Lynch Life Agency Inc., a licensed insurance agency and wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation.
Trust, fiduciary and investment management services, including assets managed by the Specialty Asset Management team, are provided by Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC and wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation ("BofA Corp."), and its agents.
Bank of America Private Bank is a division of Bank of America, N.A.
U.S. Trust Company of Delaware is a wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation.
Banking products are provided by Bank of America, N.A. and affiliated banks, Members FDIC and wholly owned subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.
View original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/341-merrill-advisors-recognized-on-the-2026-barrons-top-1-500-financial-advisors-list-published-on-march-20--2026--ranking-based-on-data-as-of-september-30--2025--302738333.html
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio