Title: PNR Gears Up to Report Q1 Earnings_ What's in the Offing for the Stock_
Date: 2026-04-23 12:54
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/pnr-gears-report-q1-earnings-125400566.html?.tsrc=rss

Pentair plcPNR is set to release its first-quarter 2026 results on April 28, before the opening bell. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for PNR’s first-quarter sales is pegged at $1.03 billion, indicating 2% growth from the year-ago reported figure. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for PNR’s earnings has remained stable at $1.17 over the past 60 days, suggesting year-over-year growth of 8.3%. Image Source: Zacks Investment Research PNR’s earnings beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate in each of the trailing four quarters, delivering an average earnings surprise of 5.1%. This is depicted in the following chart. Image Source: Zacks Investment Research Our model does not conclusively predict an earnings beat for Pentair this time. The combination of a positive Earnings ESP and a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), 2 (Buy) or 3 (Hold) increases the chances of an earnings beat. However, that is not the case here, as you can see below. Earnings ESP: Pentair has an Earnings ESP of -0.07%. You can uncover the best stocks before they are reported with our Earnings ESP Filter. Zacks Rank: PNR currently carries a Zacks Rank of 3. You can seethe complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here. For the first quarter, Pentair expects sales to be up approximately 1% to 2%, consistent with seasonal trends, with the first quarter being the weakest in the year. Over the past few quarters, Pentair’s revenues have been driven by the Pool and Flow segments, which have helped offset the decline at the Water Solutions segment. This is expected to have continued in the first quarter of 2026 as well. After witnessing lower volumes for five consecutive quarters, the Pool segment saw a rebound in volumes in the second quarter of 2024 with 17.1% growth. However, momentum has since cooled with volume growth reported in single digits, primarily led by pricing. In the fourth quarter of 2025, the segment reported a 1% rise in volumes, which was the lowest for the year. The segment’s growth in revenues has mainly been driven by pricing. We anticipate volume growth and pricing impact to have been flat in the first quarter of 2026. Our model projects the Pool segment’s sales for the first quarter of 2026 to $384 million, in line with the year-ago results. We expect the Flow segment’s sales to be $393.5 million, indicating an increase of 7% from the prior-year quarter’s actual. Our model predicts a 0.2% year-over-year jump in volumes. Pricing is expected to have a positive impact of 4.3%, while acquisitions, reflecting the contribution of Hydra-stop, are expected to have added 1.5%.