Title: 3 Reasons to Avoid CAT and 1 Stock to Buy Instead
Date: 2026-04-23 19:09
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/3-reasons-avoid-cat-1-190923038.html?.tsrc=rss

What a time it’s been for Caterpillar. In the past six months alone, the company’s stock price has increased by a massive 55.7%, setting a new 52-week high of $810.23 per share. This was partly due to its solid quarterly results, and the run-up might have investors contemplating their next move. Is there a buying opportunity in Caterpillar, or does it present a risk to your portfolio?Get the full breakdown from our expert analysts, it’s free. Is Caterpillar's current valuation justified after recent gains? How do Caterpillar's gross margins compare to competitors? What caused Caterpillar's earnings decline despite revenue stability? Why has Caterpillar's revenue growth been stagnating recently? Despite the momentum, we don't have much confidence in Caterpillar. Here are three reasons you should be careful with CAT and a stock we'd rather own. We at StockStory place the most emphasis on long-term growth, but within industrials, a stretched historical view may miss cycles, industry trends, or a company capitalizing on catalysts such as a new contract win or a successful product line. Caterpillar’s recent performance shows its demand has slowed as its revenue was flat over the last two years. All else equal, we prefer higher gross margins because they make it easier to generate more operating profits and indicate that a company commands pricing power by offering more differentiated products. Caterpillar’s gross margin is slightly below the average industrials company, giving it less room to invest in areas such as research and development. As you can see below, it averaged a 29.2% gross margin over the last five years. That means Caterpillar paid its suppliers a lot of money ($70.77 for every $100 in revenue) to run its business. Although long-term earnings trends give us the big picture, we like to analyze EPS over a shorter period to see if we are missing a change in the business. Sadly for Caterpillar, its EPS declined by 5.2% annually over the last two years while its revenue was flat. This tells us the company struggled to adjust to choppy demand. Caterpillar isn’t a terrible business, but it isn’t one of our picks. After the recent surge, the stock trades at 34.7× forward P/E (or $810.23 per share). This valuation tells us it’s a bit of a market darling with a lot of good news priced in - you can find more timely opportunities elsewhere. Let us point you towardone of Charlie Munger’s all-time favorite businesses. ALSO WORTH WATCHING: Top 5 Momentum Stocks.The best time to own a great stock is when the market is finally noticing it. These aren't just high-quality businesses. Something is happening with them right now. Elite fundamentals meeting near-term momentum — both boxes checked at the same time.