Title: Why Rezolve AI Stock Tanked by Almost 10% Today
Date: 2026-04-09 23:04
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/09/why-rezolve-ai-stock-tanked-by-almost-10-today/?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Its play for a complementary fintech company wasn't going well.
On Thursday, many investors resolved to sell out ofRezolve AI(RZLV9.40%)stock. The key reason why was the latest development in a buyout attempt that was growing increasingly hostile in a hurry. Rezolve AI's shares plunged by just under 10% that trading session as a result.
Rezolve AI's takeover target is a potentially quite complementary asset for the e-commerce-focusedartificial intelligence (AI)company, fintechCommerce.com(CMRC2.20%).
Image source: Getty Images.
On Wednesday, Rezolve AI announced it had approached Commerce.com's board of directors with a buyout proposal, under which the latter's investors would be given two shares of Rezolve AI for every share of Commerce.com they held.
According to the target company, this implied a 47% discount to its share price at the time. It said its board of directors determined this unsolicited proposal was a significantly lowball offer. Commerce.com added that it "does not warrant further engagement."
Rezolve AI then appealed to its target's shareholders with its one-for-two offer. It followed this on Thursday with a sharp criticism of the latter's board, which also served as a fresh appeal to investors. It stated that it is "offering Commerce.com's shareholders a path out of an illiquid mirage and into a company with real momentum, real liquidity and a clear line of sight to substantially greater scale."
After Thursday's market close, there didn't seem to be much enthusiasm for the deal among Commerce.com investors; it didn't help that Rezolve AI's actions felt overly aggressive and perhaps even desperate after the board's quick, decisive refusal. Its lunge at Commerce.com already feels like a stumble, though I should note that corporate tie-ups have been consummated in worse circumstances.
Investors of both companies, then, should keep a close watch on developments. As it stands now, though, I don't think the two will end up combining.
Eric Volkmanhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends