Title:   Warning Sign for Stocks Seen in Surging Inflation Expectations
Date:    2026-04-14
URL:     https://finance.yahoo.com/economy/policy/articles/warning-sign-stocks-seen-surging-113225792.html?.tsrc=rss
--Article Content--
Oops, something went wrong
(Bloomberg) -- Soaring inflation expectations are a warning sign for investors who have bought into the ceasefire-fueled rebound in stocks over the past few trading sessions, say some Wall Street market-watchers.
The S&P 500 Index climbed on Monday and has now erased all of its declines since the Iran war began. That’s even as oil prices remain close to the highest level since 2022 and with the US blockade of Iranian ports threatening to tighten global markets further.
A report last week showing a gauge of consumer inflation expectations jumped the most in a year underscores the risk of betting price pressures will prove temporary in the face of still-elevated energy prices, say strategists including Michael O’Rourke at JonesTrading Institutional Services LLC.
“There’s risk in this rally, there’s risk in the levels we’re at, and the fundamental picture since the beginning of the year is considerably worse than where we started,” said O’Rourke, the firm’s chief market strategist. “All it takes is one thread to get pulled in the geopolitical landscape and things can start coming apart again.”
US consumer sentiment sank in recent weeks to a record low, signaling mounting worries about inflation due to the war, a University of Michigan survey showed Friday. Meanwhile, one-year inflation expectations jumped to 4.8% from 3.8% — the biggest increase since President Donald Trump’s rollout of sweeping tariffs in April 2025.
Uncertainty around the impact of rising oil prices on inflation is rising outside the US, as well. Expectations for inflation among global investors are at an almost five-year high, according to the latest Bank of America Corp. survey of fund managers.
Read: Investors Brace for Economic Growth Shock, BofA Survey Shows
The S&P 500 climbed about 1% on Monday to its highest level since Feb. 26, and oil pared gains after the president said Iran still wanted to make a deal following a deadlock in peace talks and the US blockade of the Strait of Hormuz, a crucial conduit for global energy supplies.
Yet at around $98 a barrel, West Texas Intermediate oil is still up more than 40% from levels before the US and Israel launched strikes on Iran at the end of February.
Earlier in the conflict, WTI reached almost $120 a barrel, igniting speculation that the Federal Reserve might even have to consider raising interest rates at some point, a damaging scenario for equities investors. For now, traders are still leaning toward a chance of a Fed rate cut this year.
The jump in energy costs in recent weeks may point to hotter inflation down the road. Correlations between commodity-price momentum and consumer inflation point to the consumer-price index rising at a 4% annual pace by the start of next year, the highest since 2023, from 3.3% last month, if the strait remains closed, according to Tim Hayes at Ned Davis Research.
“Commodity price pressures carry warnings of subsequent inflation,” a potential red flag for investors counting on stocks to stay resilient in the face of costlier oil, the firm’s chief global strategist wrote in a Monday note to clients.
More stories like this are available onbloomberg.com
©2026 Bloomberg L.P.