Title: Doritos prices jumped 50% in four years and PepsiCo waited until it lost billions to do anything about it
Date: 2026-04-07 20:02
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/economy/policy/articles/doritos-prices-jumped-50-four-200242097.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian. 
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
Nike set the stage for a turnaround, but global events keep getting in its way
Bank of America rips up its economic forecasts as it braces for $100 oil all year on Iran war disruptions
The skyrocketing price of Doritos, Lay’s, and Cheetos have pushed away cash-strapped consumers and have cost Frito-Lay billions. The company is slashing prices to course correct, but its efforts may be too little too late.
Ahead of the Super Bowl, Frito-Lay, a subsidiary of PepsiCo, started cutting prices on its portfolio of chips products like Lay’s, Doritos, Cheetos, and Tostitos by 15% as consumers sought cheaper options. The quick pivot on chip prices comes after years of price increases that have cut the company’s market value by $50 billion since its highs in 2023.
Will Frito-Lay's price cuts effectively restore market share?
How did consumer behavior change regarding chip purchases?
Why did Frito-Lay's chip prices increase so dramatically?
What role did Elliott Investment Management play here?
“People shouldn’t have to choose between great taste and staying within their budget,” said PepsiCo U.S. Foods CEO Rachel Ferdinando in a statement ahead of the price decrease.
In the beverage business, Pepsi’s products come in second to Coca-Cola, but thanks to the dominance of Frito-Lay, which owns nearly 60% of the U.S. salty snacks market, it has some pricing power that has helped make it PepsiCo’s moneymaker. In 2024, Frito-Lay made up about 27% of the company’s revenue.
Yet this power combined with a pandemic-era push to accommodate higher supply-chain costs led to skyrocketing prices. In four years, the price of a 14.5 ounce “party size” Doritos bag at Walmart skyrocketed to $5.94 from $3.98 in 2021—nearly a 50% increase, Bloomberg reported, citing data from Attain, which tracks consumer spending metrics. Some chip prices also reportedly surpassed $7.
PepsiCo did not immediately respond to Fortune’s request for comment.
At first, shoppers didn’t mind the price increases. Partly because of higher prices, Frito-Lay’s net revenue shot up 13% between 2020 and 2021, and another 9% between 2021 and 2022, according to filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These gains exceeded the company’s guiding mantra of “Frito-Lay Five Forever” by which the company grew its revenue by 5% each year for decades.
“The Frito business is the jewel of PepsiCo,” PepsiCo CEO Ramon Laguarta said while talking up what he characterized as Frito-Lay’s great margins during an investor call at the height of the company’s success in 2023. “No matter what happens with the consumer, we’re going to be, I think, the preferred choice.”
The problem is Frito-Lay’s chip prices never went back down, despite Walmart reportedly pressuring the company to cut its prices and then cutting its shelf space, Bloomberg reported. Instead, the company implemented alternatives like cheaper multi-packs with fewer bags; new versions of snacks without artificial colors; and snacks with higher protein and fiber, the outlet reported.
Still, starting in 2023, consumers started to reject the high prices. Frito-Lay’s revenue turned negative in 2024 for the first time in more than a decade of growth. Dragged down by the chips and snacks subsidiary, PepsiCo’s market value collapsed by $50 billion by late 2025 from its peak in 2023. The company’s stock has also fallen by nearly 22% from its May 2023 peak of $196. The stock was trading at $153 as of Tuesday afternoon.
Across the packaged food industry, companies raised prices aggressively during the pandemic as the phenomenon of “greedflation” took hold. Even before the Iran war began in March, three in four Americans said groceries were so expensive they were forced to cut costs elsewhere in their budgets to get by, according to point-of-sale company Toast. The Middle East conflict’s effect on the global supply chain has also threatened to increase Americans’ grocery bills. The increasing price of fertilizer, much of which flows through the Strait of Hormuz near Iran’s coast, could increase the price of corn, which is used for many products in the U.S.—including Frito-Lay brands like Doritos and Fritos.
Despite a hesitation to lower prices, in September, activist investor Elliott Investment Management helped bring a new sense of urgency to affordability at PepsiCo. The hedge fund bought a $4 billion stake in the company and demanded more affordable prices.
As part of an agreement with Elliott, the company announced in December it would cut the price of some salty snack prices by 15%. The company also said it would decrease the number of products it sells by 20%.
Still, it’s unclear how effective the move will be and how the price cuts will be rolled out. A 14.5-ounce bag of Doritos on Walmart’s website was still listed at $5.94 as of Tuesday.
PepsiCo has continued to see a slow pace of growth in its North American food segment, which is partly owing to consumer affordability pressures, according to a note by Zacks investment research.
“The business is still navigating affordability concerns and competitive pressures in the market. To address this, PepsiCo is implementing sharper price points, expanding value offerings, and refreshing key brands, but the segment’s near-term growth trajectory remains somewhat constrained,” the note read.
This story was originally featured on Fortune.com
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
