Title: Here's Why We Think Goldman Sachs Group (NYSE:GS) Might Deserve Your Attention Today
Date: 2026-05-01 12:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/heres-why-think-goldman-sachs-120014536.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
The excitement of investing in a company that can reverse its fortunes is a big draw for some speculators, so even companies that have no revenue, no profit, and a record of falling short, can manage to find investors. Unfortunately, these high risk investments often have little probability of ever paying off, and many investors pay a price to learn their lesson. A loss-making company is yet to prove itself with profit, and eventually the inflow of external capital may dry up. If this kind of company isn't your style, you like companies that generate revenue, and even earn profits, then you may well be interested inGoldman Sachs Group(NYSE:GS). Even if this company is fairly valued by the market, investors would agree that generating consistent profits will continue to provide Goldman Sachs Group with the means to add long-term value to shareholders. We've found 21 US stocks that are forecast to pay a dividend yield of over 6% next year. See the full list for free. If a company can keep growing earnings per share (EPS) long enough, its share price should eventually follow. Therefore, there are plenty of investors who like to buy shares in companies that are growing EPS. Impressively, Goldman Sachs Group has grown EPS by 25% per year, compound, in the last three years. As a general rule, we'd say that if a company can keep upthatsort of growth, shareholders will be beaming. One way to double-check a company's growth is to look at how its revenue, and earnings before interest and tax (EBIT) margins are changing. It's noted that Goldman Sachs Group's revenuefrom operationswas lower than its revenue in the last twelve months, so that could distort our analysis of its margins. Goldman Sachs Group maintained stable EBIT margins over the last year, all while growing revenue 16% to US$62b. That's a real positive. In the chart below, you can see how the company has grown earnings and revenue, over time. Click on the chart to see the exact numbers. See our latest analysis for Goldman Sachs Group In investing, as in life, the future matters more than the past. So why not check out thisfreeinteractive visualization of Goldman Sachs Group'sforecastprofits? We would not expect to see insiders owning a large percentage of a US$278b company like Goldman Sachs Group. But we do take comfort from the fact that they are investors in the company. Indeed, they have a considerable amount of wealth invested in it, currently valued at US$1.2b. We note that this amounts to 0.4% of the company, which may be small owing to the sheer size of Goldman Sachs Group but it's still worth mentioning. So despite their percentage holding being low, company management still have plenty of reasons to deliver the best outcomes for investors. For growth investors, Goldman Sachs Group's raw rate of earnings growth is a beacon in the night. This EPS growth rate is something the company should be proud of, and so it's no surprise that insiders are holding on to a considerable chunk of shares. The growth and insider confidence is looked upon well and so it's worthwhile to investigate further with a view to discern the stock's true value. You should always think about risks though. Case in point, we've spotted2 warning signs for Goldman Sachs Groupyou should be aware of. There's always the possibility of doing well buying stocks thatare notgrowing earnings anddo nothave insiders buying shares. But for those who consider these important metrics, we encourage you to check out companies thatdohave those features. You can accessa tailored list of companies which have demonstrated growth backed by significant insider holdings. Please note the insider transactions discussed in this article refer to reportable transactions in the relevant jurisdiction. Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content?Get in touchwith us directly.Alternatively, email editorial-team (at) simplywallst.com.This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature.We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice.It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock, and does not take account of your objectives, or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.
