Title: Goldman Sachs says the S&P 500's run past 7,100 is 'froth' — a previous time Wall Street said that, a crash followed
Date: 2026-05-02 19:45
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/goldman-sachs-says-p-500s-194500078.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
April 2026 sawstocks hit record highsdespite widespread global instability. The S&P 500 went over 7,100 for the first time, easing people's concerns after a turbulent March. But Goldman Sachs investors suggest that these record highs won't last long. (1) They attribute stock highs to "froth" rather than a genuine economic recovery. Thanks to Jeff Bezos, you can nowbecome a landlord for as little as $100— and no, you don't have to deal with tenants or fix freezers. Here's how Robert Kiyosaki saysthis 1 asset will surge 400% in a yearand begs investors not to miss this ‘explosion’ Dave Ramsey warns nearly 50% of Americans are making 1 big Social Security mistake —here’s how to fix it ASAP Here's what it means for the market to be frothy, why investors think the term might apply, and what impact it could have on your wallet. Goldman Sachs investors say they think "the market is set to let off steam in the near-term, excising the froth accrued on the rally to all-time highs." (1) "Froth" in a market refers to prices rising very quickly — much faster than the inherent value of whatever's being priced. (2) Just like a frothy drink makes your glass look fuller than it actually is, a frothy market makes stocks look more valuable than they actually are. And just like with drinks, that froth tends to disappear — leading to a market crash. One early use of the term came from former chairman of the Federal Reserve Alan Greenspan, who said there was some "froth" in the 2005 housing market, potentially because of the Fed keeping mortgage rates low. (3) Housing price crashes would go on to be a major aspect of the 2008 Great Recession. (4) Read More:This $1B private real estate fund is now accessible to non-millionaires. Start investing with just $10 Froth can appear when investors are operating off of a fear of missing out, acting fast on information that quickly becomes untrue or irrelevant. Part of the reason that the S&P 500 performed well in April was that it looked like the Iran war was easing and the Strait of Hormuz was about to be open, perhaps permanently. (5) As of right now, the Strait is closed again, and energy prices are even higher than they were before the ceasefire. (6) Because of the S&P 500's strong performance, the market is crowded; a lot of the investors who could be buying stocks have already loaded up. Even thoughsome financial organizations remain bullish, there might not be a lot of room left to expand. Now probably isn't the right time to let FOMO decide what you buy. If Goldman Sachs investors are right, there could be a market bubble burst in the near future. That means that stock prices could stall or even drop from April's highs, negatively impacting your portfolio. It's possible the biggest threat to your portfolio is the war in Iran. Right now, investors seem to predict that the war will be over soon, letting energy prices and supply chains eventually return to normal. (7) If it becomes clear that's not the case, however, then the market could react negatively. Having adiverse portfoliowill help you weather any possible market crashes. One way to do that is to make sure you're not just investing in stocks, but also in bonds (such as treasury bonds) or commodities that can help protect against stock market crashes. Millionaires under 43 are reshaping investing — just 25% of their portfolios are in stocks.Here’s where their money is going Taxes are going to change for retirees under Trump’s ‘big beautiful bill’ —here are 4 reasons you can’t afford to waste time Robert Kiyosakiissues grim warning for baby boomers: many could be ‘wiped out’ and homeless ‘all over’ the country Vanguard’s outlook on U.S. stocks is raising alarm bells for retirees.Here’s why and how to protect yourself Join 250,000+ readers and get Moneywise’s best stories and exclusive interviews first — clear insights curated and delivered weekly.Subscribe now. We rely only on vetted sources and credible third-party reporting. For details, see ourethics and guidelines. Bloomberg(1); Corporate Finance Institute(2); The New York Times(3),(7); Federal Reserve History(4); Yahoo Finance(5); NBC News(6) This article originally appeared onMoneywise.comunder the title:Goldman Sachs says the S&P 500's run past 7,100 is 'froth' — a previous time Wall Street said that, a crash followed This article provides information only and should not be construed as advice. It is provided without warranty of any kind.
