Title: Better Oil Stock: Diamondback Energy vs. Chevron
Date: 2026-05-02 21:35
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/05/02/better-oil-stock-diamondback-energy-vs-chevron/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Energy prices are volatile right now, as news from the Middle East's geopolitical conflict has investor emotions running high. That said, the tensions have led to a swift increase in oil prices, which is very good news for pure-play energy producers likeDiamondback Energy(FANG+0.98%). Long-term investors might still find a more diversified energy company, such asChevron(CVX1.39%), preferable. Here's what you need to know. It would hardly be a mistake to buy Diamondback Energy. It is a well-run business that has proven it can survive the typical swings inthe energy sector. Right now, however, the industry is benefiting from high oil prices, which have driven the stock up around 30% so far in 2026, as of this writing. The company hasn't reported first-quarter earnings yet, but given the rise in oil and natural gas prices, they are likely to be good reading. Image source: Getty Images. That's actually the problem you have to consider as you examine thisupstream-focusedenergy stock. Its top and bottom lines are almost entirely driven by oil and gas prices. That's great right now, while energy prices are high, but when they fall, the story here will change dramatically. Diamondback Energy is the kind of stock you buy if you are trying to trade around energy prices. If you expect oil prices to keep rising, it could be a good option. Given the already high oil prices, however, much of the good news is likely to have already been priced into the stock. The real risk of buying this stock is what happens when oil prices eventually fall. This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason. Chevron faces similar risks, given that it also produces oil and natural gas. However, its business is far more diverse. Diamondback is a focused U.S. producer while Chevron has a global production footprint. And Chevron's business extends across the entire energy value chain, which is diversification that Diamondback doesn't offer. Chevron is basically built to survive through the entire energy cycle. The best proof of that is the decades' worth of annual dividend increases it has rewarded investors with. If you feel like you have to buy an energy stock right now, as the sector is flying high, Chevron is the more conservative way to do that. The stock is up around 20% so far in 2026. Chevron won't protect you from an energy downturn, butinvestors can count on the dividendto keep paying. One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size. We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name. For reference, Diamondback's yield is 2.1%, and Chevron's is 3.8%. The average for the energy sector is just under 2.3%, suggesting a premium is being afforded to Diamondback while Chevron offers a more compelling value. Diamondback's business is likely to perform better than Chevron as energy prices rise. But Chevron is likely to hold up better than Diamondback's when energy prices eventually fall. And Chevron has a more attractive and reliable dividend. If you are a conservative investor, Chevron is probably the better energy pick right now, given that oil prices have already advanced significantly.
