Title: Canadian National Q1 Earnings Meet Estimates, Revenues Increase Y_Y
Date: 2026-04-30 12:02
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/canadian-national-q1-earnings-meet-120200569.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
Powell holds what is expected to be his final press conference as chair after the Fed keeps rates steady
Fed holds interest rates steady with no end to Iran war in sight
Elon Musk testified again in the OpenAI trial, describing his behavior at the company and its nonprofit 'halo'
A Senate committee confirmed Kevin Warsh, sending his nomination to be chairman of the Fed to the full Senate
Stocks slipped at the open as investors awaited a Fed decision and Big Tech earnings
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Canadian National Railway Company CNI reported first-quarter 2026 results, wherein earnings met the Zacks Consensus Estimate and revenues beat the same.
Earnings of $1.31 per share (C$1.87) met the Zacks Consensus Estimate and increased 1.6% year over year. Revenues amounted to $3.19 billion (C$4.38 billion), surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate by 0.8% and rose 4.1% year over year.
Revenue ton-miles (RTMs or a measure of volumes) increased 3% year over year. Carloads rose 1.8% on a year-over-year basis. Freight revenues per RTM fell 3.4% year over year.
Canadian National Railway Company price-consensus-eps-surprise-chart | Canadian National Railway Company Quote
Operating expenses for the first quarter of 2026 increased by 1.3% to C$2.83 billion year over year. The operating income fell 2% from first-quarter 2025 actuals. The operating ratio, defined as operating expenses as a percentage of revenues on an adjusted basis, improved by 120 basis points to 64.6% in the first quarter of 2026.
Freight revenues, which contributed 97.4% to the top line, decreased 0.5% year over year. Freight revenues in petroleum and chemicals, grain and fertilizers, and intermodal rose 1.4%, 10.3% and 2.3%, year over year, respectively. Metals and minerals, forest products, coal and automotive fell 10.5%, 11% and 5.5% on a year-over-year basis.
Segment-wise, carloads in petroleum and chemicals, grain and fertilizers, intermodal and automotive segments increased 4%, 10%, 3% and 10% on a year-over-year basis.
Carloads in the metals and minerals remained flat on a year over year basis. The same in the forest products, coal and automotive segments decreased by 8%, 8% and 6% respectively on a year-over-year basis.
Canadian National ended the first quarter of 2026 with cash and cash equivalents of C$573 million compared with C$350 million at the end of the fourth quarter of 2025. CNI exited the March-end quarter with a long-term debt of C$20.5 billion compared with C$20.3 billion at the close of the December quarter of 2025.
CNI generated C$1.27 billion of cash from operating activities. Free cash flow was C$900 million.
Highlighting its shareholder-friendly stance, the Canadian railroad operator’s board of directors approved a 3% increase in the 2026 dividend on the company's outstanding common shares. Following the increase, a quarterly dividend of C$0.9150 per share has been paid on Mar.31, 2026, and has approved for second quarter dividend of the same amount, to be paid on June 30, 2026, to shareholders of record at the close of business on June 9, 2026. The earlier quarterly dividend was C$0.887. This is the 30th consecutive year of dividend increase.
CNI’s board also approved a new normal course issuer bid that permits the railroad to purchase, for cancellation, up to 24 million common shares, between Feb. 4, 2026, and Feb. 3, 2027.
For full-year 2026, CNI anticipates earnings per share (EPS) growth to slightly exceed the RTMs volume growth and plans to invest approximately C$2.8 billion in its capital program, net of amounts reimbursed by customers. Volume growth in terms of RTMs is anticipated to remain flat.
Currently, CNI has a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
Delta Air Lines DAL reported first-quarter 2026 earnings (excluding $1.08 from non-recurring items) of 64 cents per share, which beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 61 cents. Earnings increased 39.1% on a year-over-year basis. Revenues in the March-end quarter were $14.2 billion, beating the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $14 billion and increasing on a year-over-year basis.
J.B. Hunt Transport Services JBHT posted first-quarter 2026 earnings per share of $1.49, up 27% from $1.17 a year ago. The result topped the Zacks Consensus Estimate by $0.04, reflecting a 2.8% surprise.
Operating revenues totaled $3.06 billion, rising 4.6% year over year. Revenues beat the consensus mark of $2.94 billion, resulting in a 3.9% surprise, as demand proved resilient across several service offerings, led by Intermodal volume growth and higher revenue per load in select highway-related businesses.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) : Free Stock Analysis Report
J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. (JBHT) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio