Title: United CEO says merger talks with American have ended
Date: 2026-04-27 14:28
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/article/united-ceo-says-merger-talks-with-american-have-ended-142837374.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
Powell holds what is expected to be his final press conference as chair after the Fed keeps rates steady
Fed holds interest rates steady with no end to Iran war in sight
Elon Musk testified again in the OpenAI trial, describing his behavior at the company and its nonprofit 'halo'
A Senate committee confirmed Kevin Warsh, sending his nomination to be chairman of the Fed to the full Senate
Stocks slipped at the open as investors awaited a Fed decision and Big Tech earnings
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
United Airlines (UAL) CEO Scott Kirby said Monday that talks about a potential merger with American Airlines (AAL) had ended, writing that “without a willing partner, something this big simply can’t get done.”
United’s stock fell 0.8% on Monday morning while shares of American Airlines fell 1.9%.
In a long statement shared on Monday morning, Kirby confirmed he had approached American Airlines in recent weeks about a potential merger that could create a “truly great airline that customers love.”
Yet American “declined to engage and instead responded by publicly closing the door,” Kirby wrote. Shortly after initial news reports that Kirby was pitching a merger, American Airlines said it was not interested in such a plan.
Read more: Find the best travel credit cards for April 2026
In comments on American’s first quarter earnings call, CEO Robert Isom said such a plan would be “bad for customers, bad for the industry, and ultimately, that would be bad for American Airlines.”
“The idea of the two largest airlines in the world getting together, that is something that we’ve viewed as being anticompetitive and obviously everybody that has weighed in suggests the same thing,” Isom said.
President Trump also voiced opposition to the tie-up, saying in a CNBC interview, “I don’t like having them merge.”
“With American, it’s doing fine,” Trump said. “I know the United people, they’re doing very well.”
In his note, Kirby argued that airline mergers have typically been cost-cutting ventures that combine two struggling brands into one stronger entity. He added that a merger between the two companies would have created more “value” by increasing the number of economy-tier seats available to the market, expanding the set of international destinations, and strengthening the competitive profile versus other heavyweight air carriers.
But “American’s public comments make it clear that a merger like this is off the table for the foreseeable future,” Kirby wrote.
Talks of a potential merger come as airlines face higher fuel costs, the latest headwind for the industry stemming from the war in Iran. This could, in turn, lead to consolidation in the industry as smaller airlines struggle to keep up with higher costs, according to Ed Bastian, CEO of United rival Delta Air Lines.
“I think high fuel prices, more than any other factor, have created that sense of urgency amongst the industry to either improve through performance, improve through rationalization, improve through consolidation, or face being eliminated, because this is an extreme move at a higher level than we have seen in the past,” Bastian said on the company’s earnings call.
Jake Conley is a breaking news reporter covering US equities for Yahoo Finance. Follow him on X at @byjakeconley or email him at jake.conley@yahooinc.com.
Click here for the latest stock market news and in-depth analysis, including events that move stocks
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio