Title: DELL Gains From Commercial PC Demand: Can it Boost CSG Growth?
Date: 2026-04-09 18:52
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/dell-gains-commercial-pc-demand-175200807.html?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian.
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
Dell TechnologiesDELL is benefiting from robust commercial PC demand, which has significantly contributed to the growth of its Client Solutions Group (“CSG”). In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2026, CSG revenues reached $13.5 billion, marking a 14% year-over-year increase.Its Commercial segment registered 16% growth, with revenues of $11.6 billion. This marks the sixth consecutive quarter of growth in commercial PC demand, demonstrating Dell’s ability to capture market share and expand its customer base. The increasing adoption of remote working and the PC-refresh cycle, coupled with advancements in AI-enabled architectures from Intel and AMD, are expected to further drive demand for Dell’s CSG products in fiscal 2027.Dell’s strategic initiatives have been pivotal in driving this growth. The company has broadened its portfolio to target diverse market segments, including the lower end of the commercial market, emerging markets, consumer and education sectors. Recently, Dell introduced a completely reimagined commercial portfolio, which comprises notebooks, desktops, workstations, monitors and peripherals with thinner, lighter, premium designs, better thermals, power efficiency and AI-ready hardware. The company explicitly addresses end-users’ requirements of sleek, high-performance devices and IT departments’ requirements for security, manageability and cost control. The portfolio helps DELL increase win rates in enterprise deals, reduce friction in purchasing decisions and strengthen Dell’s position as a one-stop enterprise hardware provider.Dell Technologies’ innovative portfolio, expanding partner base and growing AI footprint are significant growth drivers. For the first quarter of fiscal 2027, revenues are expected to be between $34.7 billion and $35.7 billion, with the mid-point of $35.2 billion suggesting 51% year-over-year growth.
Dell Technologies suffers from stiff competition in the PC market from the likes ofAppleAAPL andHPHPQ)Apple’s expanding Mac business has been noteworthy. In March 2026, Apple announced the availability of all-new MacBook Neo, iPhone 17e, the new MacBook Air with M5 and MacBook Pro with M5 Pro and M5 Max; iPad Air, which delivers even more performance with M4; a new Studio Display; and all-new Studio Display XDR.HP’s strong position in the AI PC market is becoming a key driver of growth and profitability. In the first quarter of fiscal 2026, AI PCs accounted for more than 35% of HP’s total PC shipments, up from the previous quarter’s 30% contribution. To make the most of the growing opportunities in this category, HP has launched several AI PCs this year and plans to continue expanding its AI PC portfolio. With the AI PC category expanding quickly and offering higher value per unit, HP is well-positioned to capture greater market share and sustain premium margins in the years ahead.
DELL’s shares have gained 43.9% in the year-to-date-period, outperforming the broader Zacks Computer & Technology sector’s fall of 1.9% and the Zacks Computer - Micro Computers industry decline of 3.7%.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
DELL shares are cheap, with a forward 12-month Price/Sales of 0.86X compared with the Computer & Technology sector’s 6.04X. DELL has a Value Score of B.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for fiscal 2027 earnings is pegged at $12.82 per share, up by 11 cents over the past 30 days, suggesting 24.47% year-over-year growth.
Dell Technologies Inc. price-consensus-chart | Dell Technologies Inc. Quote
DELL currently carries a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report
Apple Inc. (AAPL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
HP Inc. (HPQ) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Dell Technologies Inc. (DELL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio