Title: Anthropic's Mythos raises questions for cybersecurity startup valuations
Date: 2026-04-09 00:23
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/technology/articles/anthropics-mythos-raises-questions-cybersecurity-232344696.html?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian.
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
Joey Schaffer/PitchBook News
Anthropic’s Mythos Preview frontier model, formally announced this week, is expected to be a boon for startups in some cybersecurity categories and a competitive threat to others.
The Mythos Preview model has, according to Anthropic, identified thousands of high-severity vulnerabilities “in every major operating system and browser.” It is a major revelation for the cybersecurity industry, and is expected to have immediate implications for more mature startups whose products can be rendered obsolete by Anthropic.
Alongside Mythos, Anthropic unveiled Project Glasswing, an initiative to secure critical systems that already includes Amazon, Cisco, Apple and others as partners to help identify novel threats to their operating systems and to understand what guardrails the Mythos model needs.
For application security startups working on vulnerability management and code security, valuations just got a whole lot harder to justify, according to Sid Trivedi, partner at Foundation Capital. “In the near to mid-term, the greatest threat [of Mythos] is to the vulnerability management companies,” he said.
Stock prices of publicly traded vulnerability management companies—which identify gaps in cybersecurity infrastructure before an attack occurs—have fallen as markets have learned more about Mythos’ capabilities. The stock price of Qualys is down by nearly 10% over the past month, with much of the drop happening since Fortune reported the existence of Mythos on March 26. Competitor Tenable has seen its stock price drop by almost 15% in the same period, with a notable decrease since the initial reports.
So, is Anthropic’s latest tool going to eat everyone’s lunch? Not necessarily.
Much of the cybersecurity market will likely benefit from more advanced threat detection technology. As for the future underwriting for many startups in that area, it will hinge, at least in part, on whether Anthropic expands into more cybersecurity use cases beyond vulnerability management. “Is there a risk that Anthropic and other AI labs will play deeper in cybersecurity? Yes, possibly,” Trivedi said.
And for the startups able to provide threat detection and remediation tools outside of what Anthropic and other front AI labs ultimately focus on, Mythos is likely to be a boon for their already-growing businesses.
With investor expectations that AI would usher in a new era of cybersecurity enforcement, application security startups have fared relatively well in the past few years. In 2025, VCs invested a total of $2.66 billion across 186 deals, a 45% increase year-over-year, according toPitchBook’s Q4 2025 Cybersecurity Trendsreport.
Flagship cybersecurity exits, including Alphabet’s acquisition of Wiz and Palo Alto Networks’ acquisition of CyberArk, have also been a huge pull for valuation growth over the last few years.
While Anthropic has no plans to release Mythos to the public, it’s likely that Glasswing partners will want newer and more powerful cybersecurity tools. Anthropic’s flagship software engineering model, Claude Code, is already a popular tool for detecting cybersecurity threats, and the AI company says Mythos is a step above in its capabilities.
Either way, the scale and speed of vulnerability management will inevitably escalate, said John Brennan, a cybersecurity investor who runs solo fund Holly Ventures.
“From a seed perspective, I’m not sure the underwriting changes too much—but growth investors will have to think a lot about how this impacts growth trajectories and future valuations,” Brennan said.
Sign up for The Daily Pitch newsletterSubscribe
This article originally appeared onPitchBook News
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio