Title: Should You Buy the Dip on Nike Stock?
Date: 2026-05-19 12:12
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/05/19/should-you-buy-the-dip-on-nike-stock/?.tsrc=rss
Content: The world's top athleticwear company is struggling. What's going on withNike(NKE+0.45%)? The company is the largest athletic apparel company in the world, and it's one of the largest apparel companies of any kind, with nearly $47 billion in trailing-12-month revenue. However, sales have been dropping, and other companies have been moving in on its territory. The stock has been plunging over several years, and it's down 34% so far in 2026 alone. Is ittime to buy Nike stockon the dip? Nike's struggle features a confluence of factors, as these kinds of stories tend to do. It passed over wholesale partnerships to focus on its direct-to-consumer business, which allowed competitors to gain more views in footwear stores, and it turned its focus to core franchises at the expense of innovation in sport. That further provided opportunities for smaller companies likeOn Holding, to crack open the niches and grab market share. Image source: Nike. The company appointed a new CEO a year and a half ago, and it's reversing some of the actions that brought it to its current state. Nike has reestablished wholesale partnerships, which are now driving growth, and it has restructured operations to segment by sport. It's focused on bringing new products to market more quickly and targeting the athlete. This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason. There has been some progress. Rather than continuing to decline, revenue stayed flat year over year in the 2026 third quarter (ended Feb. 28). Direct-to-consumer sales fell 4%, but wholesale revenue increased 5%. Nike CEO Elliott Hill mentioned several times during the earnings call that, while there's still work to do, he's confident the company has identified the right path forward. There definitely is work to do, and Nike is still dealing with several headwinds. For starters, China's business environment is highly competitive, and it's trying to rebuild its brand there. Revenue in China fell 10% from last year in the third quarter. One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size. We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name. In the meantime, Nike has excess inventory that it needs to sell off through markdowns, which erodes margins and branding. It's also still managing through higher tariffs, which are also impacting the bottom line. Gross margin declined from 41.5% to 40.2% year over year, falling to a five-year low, and net income was $500 million, 35% lower than last year. At the current price, Nike stock trades at 28 times trailing-12-month earnings. That's not super cheap, although it's below its five-year average. Those valuations price in Nike's brand and leadership positions. The bright side of the stock drop is the dividend. It yields 3.9% at the current price, an attractive yield for passive income investors. While Nike stock is struggling, I don't think it looks cheap enough to call a bargain. However, dividend investors can take advantage of this opportunityto lock in a great yield.     Before you buy stock inNike, consider this: The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andNikewasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $475,063!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,369,991!* Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is994% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to207%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors. See the 10 stocks › *Stock Advisor returns as of May 21, 2026.  Jennifer Saibilhas positions in On Holding. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Berkshire Hathaway, Nike, and On Holding. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy. This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over51 Metas. What in the world could be worth 51 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited. Continue ›  *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason. Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services. Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. ©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io. About The Motley Fool Our Services Around the Globe Free Tools Affiliates & Friends
