Title: 3 Dividend Stocks With Insiders Buying in 2026
Date: 2026-05-19 12:15
URL: https://www.marketbeat.com/stock-ideas/3-dividend-stocks-with-insiders-buying-in-2026/?utm_source=yahoofinance&utm_medium=yahoofinance&.tsrc=rss
Content: Dividends are a driving force of the investment world, providing investors with access to company profits and a reliable income stream. Add in the signals provided by insider buying, and the stage is set for market-beating total returns over time. The question is whether insider buying and dividends, on their own, are enough to merit investor confidence—and the answer may be "no." Factors such as growth, profitability, and market interest must also be considered to maximize returns and avoid unnecessary losses. Bankwell Financial GroupNASDAQ: BWFGis a small, local bank operating in Illinois, but it is growing, improving its deposit base, widening its margin, and reducing dependence on third-party services. The stock price is rising, and insiders are buying into the rally. Insider activity is noteworthy because it was very tepid for years until Q3 2025, and then it exploded. Activity has remained solid since, with numerous insiders acquiring shares, and driving total ownership over 20%. Bankwell Financial Group’sdividend is worthwhile. The stock yields about 1.5% with shares near $50, the payout ratio is low at about 15%, and annual distribution increases are becoming a possibility. A dividend increase would serve as a market catalyst, potentially triggering an influx of new capital. Analyst andinstitutional trendsare relatively strong for a bank this small. Institutions own about 36% of the stock and have been aggressively accumulating. The trailing 12-month pace as of mid-May was approximately $4-to-$1, with bullish behavior sustained for seven consecutive quarters. Analyst trendsare less robust, with only four tracked, but they rate the stock as a consensus Moderate Buy. The only downside is that analysts view the stock as fairly valued as of mid-May, so another catalyst is needed. The upcoming fiscal Q2 2026 earnings report may provide it, but the consensus forecast isn’t promising, suggesting the third consecutive quarter with revenue near $31 million.  Bloomin’ BrandsNASDAQ: BLMNis technically nota dividend stock, having suspended its payment in 2025 to focus on balance sheet health and a company turnaround. The turnaround, however, already shows signs of traction, suggesting dividends will be reinstated at some future date, potentially within the next four to eight quarters. That’s a long time to wait, but other catalysts for the share price exist, including the traction seen in the fiscal Q1 release and its impact on sell-side sentiment. Insiders, meanwhile, including numerous directors, are buying shares with the market at long-term lows. Sell-side sentiment, as reflected by the analysts andinstitutions that trackthe market and drive its action, is shifting. While still in the early phases, analysts, who had beenreducing price targetsand sentiment ratings, shifted to a more bullish posture following the report. Institutions likewise reverted to accumulation. Analysts' revisions include numerous price target increases, affirming potential for a double-digit rebound.  NikeNYSE: NKEis not out of the weeds, and its dividend is threatened by reduction; however, the company has over $8 billion in cash, can sustain the payment, and is tracking for a turnaround. Signs of managerial confidence are evident in the CEO's purchases and, again, in those of directors, including a million-dollar acquisition byApple'sNASDAQ: AAPLCEO Tim Cook. The only question is when the dividend payout ratio will improve—and that is expected to begin this year. Nike's dividend is a winner for investors. Trading near long-term valuations and share prices, the yield is 4%, and there is another reason to own it. The company is on track to be included in the Dividend Aristocrat Index this year. Index inclusion is a catalyst, as it will trigger increased ownership by funds pegged to the index. In this scenario, the combined effects of business improvement, dividend increases, and index inclusion can drive a robust stock price recovery. Analysts and institutions givemixed signalsabout Nike’s stock price direction. Analysts who rate Nike as a consensus Hold carry a 45% Buy-side bias but are significantly reducing their price targets, leading to the low-end range. While consensus forecasts 45% upside, current trends suggest a 45% downside is more likely. The good news is thatinstitutions are likely buyers. They sold at the end of last year, but only minimally, and have reverted to buying in 2026. Nike’s stock price is likely near its bottom and may move lower to confirm it before the stock price recovers. A recovery could begin soon, potentially triggered by full year 2026 results.  Before you consider NIKE, you'll want to hear this. MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified thefive stocksthat top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and NIKE wasn't on the list. While NIKE currently has a Hold rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys. View The Five Stocks Here Thinking about investing in Meta, Roblox, or Unity? Click the link to learn what streetwise investors need to know about the metaverse and public markets before making an investment. Sign up for MarketBeat All Access to gain access to MarketBeat's full suite of research tools. Featured By 345 N Reid Place, Suite 620, Sioux Falls, SD 57103contact@marketbeat.com(844) 978-6257 © MarketBeat Media, LLC 2010-2026. All rights reserved. © 2026   Fair market value prices are updated every minute and are provided byMassive. Other market data provided is at least 10-minutes delayed and hosted by Barchart Solutions.  Information is provided 'as-is' and solely for informational purposes, not for trading purposes or advice, and is delayed. To see all exchange delays and terms of use please seeBarchart's disclaimer. My Account -
