Title: What layoffs hide about the real problem with the job market
Date: 2026-05-21 10:54
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/economy/articles/what-layoffs-hide-about-the-real-problem-with-the-job-market-105409943.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results The Trump administration plans to invest $2 billion in quantum computing, expanding its broader push into strategic industries The Dow clinched a record high as stocks rebounded on optimism for a US-Iran peace deal US stocks turned higher as oil prices fell on hopes of a US-Iran peace deal Quantum stocks jump as Trump administration doles out $2 billion in exchange for equity US stocks fell as oil prices rose amid doubts about US-Iran peace talks The bond market's signal to the Fed: Interest rates should be higher SpaceX files IPO prospectus, offering a rare look at the company's finances Nvidia beats earnings estimates, gives upbeat outlook on strong chip sales The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq rallied as oil fell and Nvidia earnings were on deck The ChatGPT maker is reportedly preparing to file for an IPO in the coming weeks, with plans to go public as early as September Oil plunges as Trump says US in 'final stages' of Iran deal After an unsteady start, stocks gained as oil prices fell and a bond sell-off paused S&P 500, Nasdaq rise in countdown to Nvidia results The chip giant is set to report results Wednesday as its stock climbs higher and rivals close in. Here's what to expect. The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq fell as bond yields surged amid rate hike concerns Google unveils biggest update to Search in 25 years, including AI agents Trump traded over $50 million in Big Tech stocks last quarter, selling Tesla and buying more Apple, new ethics disclosure shows US stocks slid at the open as bond yields rose and tech stocks extended their retreat AI is likely to concentrate power among corporate giants and leave everyone else further behind, Goldman Sachs says The S&P 500 and Nasdaq slipped as chip stocks fell and investors weighed inflation fears Elon Musk loses trial against OpenAI There are 3 issues that appear little changed after Trump's China summit US stocks rise as yields climb amid inflation worries America's CEOs call out where food prices are rising The housing market is starting to look K-shaped, too Anthropic's shadow IPO market is already flashing trillion-dollar prices Investors eye Nvidia, bond yields, and the next commodity supercycle Wall Street sees bubble-like euphoria in AI-fueled semiconductor rally Should you buy Series I bonds as inflation heats up again? Travel is still on, but rising costs reshape summer vacation plans Executives are blaming layoffs on AI, but research shows AI is 'not the main driver' of US labor slowdown. Intel announces a multiyear partnership deal with McLaren's F1 racing team Here are the most anticipated IPOs in 2026 History's weirdest bubbles have a message for the AI trade Kevin Warsh is set to take over leading the Fed amid one of the most dynamic economic backdrops in modern history Trump’s 'insane amount of trades' astonish Wall Street insiders (Bloomberg) SpaceX accelerates IPO timeline, targets market debut as early as June 12 (Reuters) The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq sank as US bond yields jumped to end a volatile week on a downbeat note The 30-year Treasury yield just broke to its highest level in almost 20 years Nasdaq leads dive in US stocks, with yields jumping amid inflation jitters Cerebras soared on its market debut. Here's how the company plans to take on Nvidia with a new approach to chip technology. Stocks gained, with the Dow closing above 50,000 and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq notching fresh records Cerebras stock surged 100% within minutes of trading in what is expected to be 2026's biggest IPO The Dow retook 50,000 and the S&P 500 topped 7,500 as the AI trade lifted stocks US stocks rise as Nvidia jumps, Trump-Xi summit kicks off Xi Jinping tells US CEOs that 'China's door will only open wider' Micron wiped out roughly $100 billion in market value at Tuesday’s low — and chip bulls still bought the dip Tech stocks led the S&P 500 and Nasdaq to record highs, while the Dow slipped The US Senate confirmed Kevin Warsh as the new chairman of the Federal Reserve with a final vote of 54-45 The 10-year Treasury yield hovered just below 4.5% after hot inflation data, raising concerns stocks could come under pressure Jobs can feel precarious right now as well-known companies keep slashing workers. The latest is Meta, which promised it would cut jobs this month and on Wednesday sent layoff notices to about 10 percent of its staff, nearly 8,000 people, according to news reports. Subscribe to The Post Most newsletter for the most important and interesting stories from The Washington Post. Like some other technology companies, Meta has attributed the layoffs partly to the effects of artificial intelligence. They follow job cuts from Amazon, Wall Street banks, Oracle, Nike and UPS. Meta didn’t respond to a request for comment about the layoffs. (Jeff Bezos, Amazon’s executive chairman, owns The Washington Post.) But headline-grabbing layoffs and corporate justifications can give a misleading impression about what ails America’s job market and AI’s role in that. It could lead people to misjudge their career prospects or financial risks. The numbers show that layoffs in the U.S. are roughly at or below levels from before the pandemic, although they are higher than in 2022 when businesses snapped up workers as the economy roared back to life. In the three months ended in March, an average of 1.75 million Americans were laid off each month, according to calculations of Bureau of Labor Statistics data. The average in March 2019 was 1.72 million. A different measure that accounts for the growing U.S. workforce shows that layoffs affected about 1.2 percent of employed people in March, a number that has been steady for years outside of the pandemic. That doesn’t make getting laid off any less stressful. There’s so little hiring that the 3 million Americans who voluntarily quit their jobs each month, people entering the workforce or those who are laid off face longer odds than they did a few years ago. “Layoffs, broadly considered, are not a problem at all,” said Guy Berger, a senior fellow at the Burning Glass Institute, a nonprofit research organization focused on the labor market. “Hiring being weak, that’s the biggest problem.” Americans’ views of the economy and their own job prospects risk being distorted by too much focus on the relatively small number of layoffs, economists and other experts say. People fearful of job cuts may pull back their spending or delay potentially fruitful transitions like moving to a place with more career opportunities. Contact reporter Shira Ovide at shira.ovide@washpost.com or on Signal at ShiraOvide.70 In the technology industry, where Meta and other companies are regularly announcing job cuts, the layoff picture is complex. There has been a marked increase in layoffs in recent months in what the Labor Department calls the information industry, which includes employment of software developers and other tech workers. But Matthew Martin, senior U.S. economist at the research and consulting firm Oxford Economics, noted that hiring has also increased in that category, which includes media and entertainment. The combination of hiring minus layoffs in the information industry is effectively a wash, Martin said. Layoffs at Big Tech companies like Meta and other high-profile employers don’t necessarily reflect what is happening in the country, Martin said, and draw far more attention than what may be slow and steady workforce growth. “There’s a lot more headlines about job cuts than there are [about] expansion plans by businesses,” he said. In his view, technology companies may be pushing out some workers and replacing them with people who have different skills as they respond to the demands of AI. It’s true that businesses in some industries are devoting enormous sums of money and attention to AI. It’s changing how some people work and a minority of American businesses are rolling out AI tools. But it’s also become a trend for bosses to blame layoffs on the productive capabilities of AI and its ability to replace workers, even when job cuts may have little to do with the technology. Sam Altman, CEO of ChatGPT-maker OpenAI, has taken note of the pattern that he and others call “AI washing,” essentially a high-tech form of whitewashing. (The Post has a content partnership with OpenAI.) “You know something is happening all the time when they have a word for it,” said Gautam Mukunda, who teaches leadership at the Yale School of Management. Mukunda and other observers note that AI could be used by CEOs as a shareholder-friendly excuse for layoffs triggered by other factors, including overhiring by the tech industry during the pandemic. Other high-profile companies, including Meta and Uber, have effectively said they’re spending so much money on AI that they need to cut back elsewhere, including by slashing staff or reducing planned hiring. AI-related employment changes are tiny so far, said Nathan Goldschlag, director of research at the Economic Innovation Group, a Washington think tank. He pointed to a recently published analysis of Census Bureau surveys, which found more than 95 percent of businesses that use AI said it hasn’t changed their staff sizes - and AI-related employment increases were more common than decreases. What economists call a “low-hire, low-fire” job market is rough for job seekers, acknowledged Jerome H. Powell, who is set to depart as chair of the Federal Reserve. “The labor market is in balance,” Powell said at a news conference last month. “But it’s an unusual and uncomfortable kind of a balance where people who don’t have jobs will have a hard time breaking in.” Related Content Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
