Title: Amazon Hit With Consumer Lawsuit Over Trump Tariff Refunds
Date: 2026-05-18 21:53
URL: https://wwd.com/sourcing-journal/logistics/amazon-tariff-refunds-class-action-consumer-lawsuit-president-donald-trump-ieepa-1238972203/?.tsrc=rss
Content: Amazonhas been put on blast in a class-actionlawsuitby consumers seeking refunds for higher product prices stemming from last year’s IEEPAtariffsimposed by PresidentDonald Trump. The suit was filed in federal court on Friday in Seattle and accused the e-commerce giant of profiting off “hundreds of millions of dollars in unlawful tariff costs,” making it one of multiple high-profile retail sellers under fire from consumers for failing to pass through reimbursements. Nike,Shein, Temu,CostcoandLululemonare all embroiled in similar class-action litigation.  Thetariffsin question, imposed under the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (IEEPA), wereruled illegalby the Supreme Court in February. Following that decision, the Court of International Trade confirmed in early March that the right toreclaim those tariffsrests solely with importers of record, orAmazon, in this specific case. But the ruling did not require the importers to file lawsuits to obtain the refunds. The suit alleges that in failing to disclose to consumers that it did not intend to seek a refund of the IEPPA tariffs even if those tariffs were illegal, Amazon committed deceptive and unfair conduct that violates the Washington Consumer Protection Act. The plaintiffs also alleged Amazon has chosen not to pursue that recovery to better ingratiate the firm with the Trump administration and seek favorable treatment. “Amazon has refused to seek a refund—not because it lacks a legal basis to do so, but because it seeks to curry favor with Trump by allowing the federal government to retain the funds,” the complaint says. “Amazon’s decision to forgo recovery serves its own political and commercial interests at the direct expense of the consumers who bore the tariff costs in the first place. Amazon has not returned any portion of those costs it passed on to consumers, and it has no intention of doing so.”  The plaintiffs pointed to various politically charged instances since the tariffs’ implementation, such as a report that said Amazon would add information displaying to the consumer how much of an item’s total cost can be attributed to tariffs. When the news dropped, White House Press Secretary Karoline Leavitt called the reported move“a hostile and political act.”Amazon said the plan was never approved. “Although the plan was never implemented, it demonstrates that Amazon can identify exactly how much of a product’s price was due to the IEEPA tariffs,” the suit alleged. “And it demonstrates that Amazon has the record-keeping ability to identify each consumer who paid a higher cost due to a Trump tariff.” The suit also referenced President Trump’s quote from April, in which he said he would “remember” the companies that didn’t seek tariff refunds. The class-action complaint was filed by two consumers, Lisa Markland of Maryland and Mari Cartagenova of Massachusetts. The suit concerns purchases made between Feb. 4, 2025, and Feb. 20, 2026, the day the Supreme Court voted 6-3 to strike down the “reciprocal” IEEPA tariffs. Amazon’s competitors in the logistics field have begun the tariff refund process, withFedEx, UPS and DHLall starting to pass on proceeds to impacted business customers. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) has said thatup to $166 billionin tariffs collected under the IEEPA statute could be reimbursed, depending on the total refund requests. The CBP finalized $35.5 billion of those refunds through May 11.  Thelawsuititself details price increases resulting from the tariffs. An analysis of the median price of more than 1,400 made-in-China products sold on Amazon found a 2.6 percent increase between January and mid-June, outpacing that month’s U.S. inflation rate of 2 percent for core goods. In response to this analysis, Amazon said it had not seen average products change outside of typical fluctuations. Two months later, a Wall Street Journal study of 2,500 products sold on Amazon found that the tech titan had increased the price of 1,200 low-cost goods by an average of 5.2 percent between January and July last year. During the same period, Walmart lowered prices on those same items by nearly 2 percent. Although the lawsuit said Amazon’s price increases occurred “despite prior pledges to keep prices low,” CEO Andy Jassy articulated inlast May’s earnings callthat there would be “plenty of sellers that decide to pass on those higher costs to end consumers,” although “not all of them are going to pursue the same tack.” According to the complaint, more than 100 people have joined the lawsuit. The lawsuit does not list a specific number of damages requested, but notes that the amount exceeds $5 million. The three-count lawsuit seeks restitution of a proportionate share of any refunds Amazon recovers, alongside interests, legal fees, costs, treble damages and injunctive relief. Receive Our Daily Newsletter & Special Offers Receive Our Daily Newsletter & Special Offers May 21, 2026 The FMCSA’s new registration system arrives as cargo theft and deceptive pickup fraud remain elevated across the U.S. trucking sector. May 21, 2026 The prime minister says aging port and rail infrastructure is slowing cargo flows, impeding Canada's goal to double its non-U.S. exports by 2035. May 20, 2026 Four Chinese container manufacturers that produce about 95 percent of the world’s dry boxes allegedly restricted output as prices more than doubled. WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2026 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved. These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Move the toggle to the left (grey color) and click “Confirm My Choices” to indicate that you do not want us to sell or share your personal information as described above and that you want us to limit the use of your sensitive personal information to only those purposes permitted by California law. You must indicate your choice on each computer/browser you use to access our services and fill out the opt out form above for non-cookie-based data. If you clear your cookies or your browser is set to do so, you must opt out using the toggle again. 
