Title: Viz.ai Announces Strategic Collaboration to Expand Access to AI-Powered Subdural Hemorrhage Care
Date: 2026-04-23 13:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/healthcare/articles/viz-ai-announces-strategic-collaboration-130000979.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude. 
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
Allbirds' AI pivot shows signs of froth in markets, but experts say the underlying fundamentals in AI remain strong.
Dow leaps 850 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch new records in stunning rally amid US-Iran diplomacy hopes
Stocks climbed at the open and oil fell as Iran said the Strait of Hormuz is 'completely open'
The stock market has notched one of its fastest turnarounds in years
Europe is facing a severe jet fuel shortage, with 'maybe six weeks of jet fuel left'
Stocks rebound after Trump says Israel, Lebanon agreed to ceasefire
S&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq rise, with fresh records in view amid hopes for truce
Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions
S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses
The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company
S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled
Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher
US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI
JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks'
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Collaboration advances coordinated care for patients with chronic subdural hematoma
SAN FRANCISCO, April 23, 2026--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Viz.ai, the leader in AI-powered disease detection and intelligent care coordination, today announced a strategic commercialization collaboration with Johnson & Johnson to expand access to Viz.ai’s Subdural Hemorrhage software solution across hospitals in the United States for automated detection, labeling and quantification of subdural collections. By integrating the Viz Subdural solution into its neurovascular offerings, the company aims to support hospitals in identifying appropriate patients and streamlining care pathways for suspected chronic subdural hematoma (cSDH), from detection through treatment and follow-up.
The Viz Subdural solution includes FDA 510(k)-cleared algorithms for the detection of subdural hemorrhage, and automated labeling, visualization, and quantification of collections in the subdural space. The solution is powered by the Viz.ai platform, including Viz Assist, which provides AI-driven chart summarization to help clinicians quickly contextualize imaging findings within the broader clinical picture. By surfacing relevant patient history, medications, and prior notes, Viz Assist is intended to reduce manual chart review and accelerate clinical decision-making, enabling faster, more informed care coordination.
"Chronic subdural hematoma is a growing condition with a novel therapeutic procedure, MMA embolization, that has been proven effective," said Chris Mansi, MD, CEO and co-founder of Viz.ai. "By collaborating with Johnson & Johnson, we are expanding access to AI-powered detection and coordination tools, including Viz Assist, that may help clinical teams identify patients earlier, align multidisciplinary care, and ultimately support better outcomes for patients undergoing treatment for cSDH."
This collaboration aims to help surface suspected cSDH earlier and standardizes point-of-care severity assessment, so clinicians can coordinate across specialties and more reliably identify patients who may benefit from middle meningeal artery (MMA) embolization.
The collaboration underscores both companies’ shared commitment to advancing data-driven, technology-enabled care models that address unmet needs in neurology and neurovascular disease. Viz.ai’s continued innovation in this space was recently recognized with a 2026 Edison Award for Viz Hemorrhage, honoring its impact in advancing AI-powered hemorrhage care.
About Viz.ai
Viz.ai is the leader in AI-powered care coordination and clinical workflow solutions, deployed in 2,000 hospitals across the United States and trusted by leading life sciences companies. Its platform uniquely combines real-time, multimodal clinical data with deep clinician engagement to detect disease earlier, coordinate care teams, and help ensure patients receive the right treatment faster. Viz.ai was the first company awarded CMS reimbursement for AI and is ranked the #1 Healthcare AI Platform by hospitals and health systems in the Black Book Research survey. For more information, visit Viz.ai.
View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20260422120471/en/
Contacts
Media ContactCaroline Rueveviz.ai@solcomms.co
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio