Title: J&J lands CE mark for surgical stapler that works with Ottava robot
Date: 2026-04-24 11:00
URL: https://www.medtechdive.com/news/jj-lands-ce-mark-for-surgical-stapler-that-works-with-ottava-robot/818397/?.tsrc=rss

Let MedTech Dive’s free newsletter keep you informed, straight from your inbox.
                    
                
            
Johnson & Johnson sees surgeons’ familiarity with Ethicon devices as a differentiator as it enters a robot market dominated by Intuitive Surgical.
J&J plans to use its Ethicon devices to help unlock a robotic surgery market that Intuitive Surgical has dominated for decades. As a multi-specialty soft-tissue robot, J&J’s Ottava will compete with Intuitive’s da Vinci devices. J&J said Ethicon 4000 will be available exclusively on Ottava when the stapler received 510(k) clearance last year, although there is no mention of exclusivity in its statement about the CE mark.
Limiting access to Ethicon instruments to Ottava users could encourage surgeons to adopt J&J’s robot. At a TD Cowen event last month, J&J CFO Joseph Wolk said “most robotic procedures today still utilize some form of Ethicon, Johnson & Johnson instrument.”
Surgeons and hospitals want a consistent experience across open, laparoscopic and robotic procedures, Hani Abouhalka, group chairman of surgery at J&J, said at a Barclays event last month. Having a trusted staple line “will be different and important” for Ottava, Abouhalka said. The executive reiterated that J&J will bring Ethicon devices exclusively to Ottava.
Ethicon 4000 builds on J&J’s Echelon 3000 Stapler. Changes include the use of 3D stapling technology, which J&J said is designed to optimize compression. In a paper published in 2024, Ethicon researchers said 3D staples help compress a larger surface area of the tissue. The staples could reduce leak paths by more evenly distributing compression, the researchers said.
J&J is seeking a CE mark for Ottava. The company filed for de novo authorization of the robot in the U.S. in January.
Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts
With support from J&J’s venture capital arm and chip maker Nvidia, Moon is targeting a soft tissue surgery market dominated by Intuitive Surgical.
The devices from Recor and Medtronic are intended to treat high blood pressure. An advisory panel backed the former, but recommended against approval of the latter.
Subscribe to MedTech Dive for top news, trends & analysis
Sign up for the free  newsletter. 

                Interested? Explore more of what  has to offer.
            

            Thanks for signing up!
            Please keep an eye out for a confirmation email from
            newsletter@ittnewsletter.com
            To ensure we make it into your inbox regularly,
            add us to your allow list, mark us as a safe sender, or add us to your address book.
            Check out more from
            

Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts
With support from J&J’s venture capital arm and chip maker Nvidia, Moon is targeting a soft tissue surgery market dominated by Intuitive Surgical.
The devices from Recor and Medtronic are intended to treat high blood pressure. An advisory panel backed the former, but recommended against approval of the latter.
The free newsletter covering the top industry headlines