Title: Theialife Appoints Thomas Ruggia as President and Chief Executive Officer to Advance Phase-3 Ready O
Date: 2026-04-23 12:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/healthcare/articles/theialife-appoints-thomas-ruggia-president-120000837.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude. 
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
Allbirds' AI pivot shows signs of froth in markets, but experts say the underlying fundamentals in AI remain strong.
Dow leaps 850 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch new records in stunning rally amid US-Iran diplomacy hopes
Stocks climbed at the open and oil fell as Iran said the Strait of Hormuz is 'completely open'
The stock market has notched one of its fastest turnarounds in years
Europe is facing a severe jet fuel shortage, with 'maybe six weeks of jet fuel left'
Stocks rebound after Trump says Israel, Lebanon agreed to ceasefire
S&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq rise, with fresh records in view amid hopes for truce
Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions
S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses
The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company
S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled
Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher
US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI
JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks'
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
DOVER, Del., April 23, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Theialife, a late-stage clinical company advancing innovative therapeutic solutions for ocular diseases, today announced the appointment of Thomas Ruggia as President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Ruggia, based in New Jersey, will lead development, operational and corporate strategy as the Company prepares for anticipated milestones including the planned initiation of Phase 3 development for Thealife’s lead candidate, ND10. The company’s co-founder, Sundeep Aurora, will continue to oversee scientific research and development and will serve as Chairman.
Ruggia brings more than 25 years of leadership experience across ophthalmology, pharmaceutical, medical devices and consumer healthcare. He has held senior roles at global organizations including Johnson & Johnson, Alcon, and Novartis. Ruggia has deep expertise in advancing innovative ophthalmic drugs and devices from development through regulatory approval and commercialization across international markets, along with a demonstrated track record of scaling ophthalmology companies through financing, global launches and reimbursement execution. He joins Theialife from Samsara Vision, a privately-held, commercial-stage ophthalmic device company where he served as CEO since 2020.
“We are approaching a critical inflection point as we prepare to initiate Phase 3 development of ND10 in myopia and we believe that Tom’s deep expertise in ophthalmology makes him ideally suited to lead the next phase of our corporate and clinical evolution,” said Sundeep Aurora, Co-founder of Theialife. “He has demonstrated an ability to lead through late-stage development, regulatory milestones and commercial launches, while simultaneously scaling organizations and securing the capital necessary to support these efforts. With ND10, we have a first-in-class oral therapy with the potential to address one of the largest unmet needs in ophthalmology, and we are thrilled to have Tom join us to lead its continued advancement.”
“Theialife’s rigorous science and innovative ophthalmology platform has the potential to deliver desperately needed solutions for patients and transform the standard of care for a number of ocular diseases,” said Thomas Ruggia, Chief Executive Officer of Theialife. “It is an honor to lead the company at this key juncture as we prepare to enter Phase 3 development. ND10 is meaningfully de-risked through a combination of compelling clinical data as well as two decades of real-world evidence in a compassionate use setting in Denmark with over 1,200 children treated, with highly encouraging results to date. Theialife’s differentiated oral therapy for pediatric myopia has the potential to represent a novel approach to addressing the growing burden of pediatric myopia. I look forward to working with our team and expert scientific advisors to advance this important program and other assets in our pipeline.”
Most recently, as CEO of Samsara Vision, Mr. Ruggia led the development and global commercialization of the Smaller Incision, New Generation Implantable Miniature Telescope (SING IMT) for patients with late-stage macular degeneration, securing regulatory approvals and premium reimbursement pathways worldwide, while successfully designing and enrolling clinical trials in both the United States and Europe.
Before joining Samsara Vision, Mr. Ruggia spent five years at Johnson & Johnson, working across both Johnson & Johnson Vision and The Janssen Pharma Co of Johnson & Johnson. He supervised two international commercial organizations of more than 500 employees across America, Europe and Asia. Ruggia led the commercial strategy for PALUCORCEL, an investigational cell therapy for age-related macular degeneration, leading regions for launch plan development, including the first-commercial launch in Japan. Mr. Ruggia played a key role as the commercial lead in the acquisition of Abbott Medical Optics subsidiary from Abbott.
Prior to Johnson & Johnson, Mr. Ruggia spent fifteen years at Alcon, in a variety of sales and marketing roles across North America and Asia-Pacific, including directing the strategic portfolio for the Asia-Pacific region. His tenure culminated in his role as Country Business Head of Vision Care, where he was responsible for sales and marketing for a $100M business unit. He holds a Bachelor of Science from The College of New Jersey in 1998.
About ND10ND10 (7-Methylxanthine), is a first-in-class adenosine A2A receptor antagonist being developed to slow pediatric myopia progression. The oral therapy enhances dopamine activity and strengthens collagen in the posterior sclera to stabilize eye structure and reduce ocular elongation. ND10 is supported by data generated over more than 20 years of compassionate-use and investigator-led trials in Denmark where it has been used in more than 1,200 children demonstrating encouraging clinical potential and a favorable safety profile.
About Theialife: Theialife is a global ophthalmology drug development company focused on advancing first-in-class therapies that aim to address major unmet needs in eye diseases. The Company’s lead asset, ND10 (7-Methylxanthine), is an oral therapy designed to slow pediatric myopia progression for which Phase 3 clinical trial planning is currently underway. Theialife is building a pipeline of differentiated ophthalmic programs targeting indications that include dry eye disease, wet age-related macular degeneration, and corneal blindness. Thealife’s mission is to develop transformative therapies to address significant unmet needs of vision care worldwide. For more information, please visit https://www.theialife.com/ and follow Theialife on LinkedIn.
Media Contact for Theialife Raena Mina, Ph.D.Burns McClellan rmina@burnsmc.com
Investor Relations Contacts for TheialifeCaroline Hubbard/ Lee RothBurns McClellanChubbard@burnsmc.com / lroth@burnsmc.com
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio