Title: SYRE Stock Jumps More Than 70% in a Month_ What Is Driving This Rally_
Date: 2026-04-23 16:31
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/syre-stock-jumps-more-70-163100254.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude. 
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
Allbirds' AI pivot shows signs of froth in markets, but experts say the underlying fundamentals in AI remain strong.
Dow leaps 850 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch new records in stunning rally amid US-Iran diplomacy hopes
Stocks climbed at the open and oil fell as Iran said the Strait of Hormuz is 'completely open'
The stock market has notched one of its fastest turnarounds in years
Europe is facing a severe jet fuel shortage, with 'maybe six weeks of jet fuel left'
Stocks rebound after Trump says Israel, Lebanon agreed to ceasefire
S&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq rise, with fresh records in view amid hopes for truce
Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions
S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses
The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company
S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled
Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher
US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI
JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks'
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Shares of Spyre Therapeutics SYRE have surged 73% over the past month after the company reported encouraging data from a mid-stage study evaluating its investigational anti-α4β7 drug, SPY001, in patients with moderate-to-severe ulcerative colitis (UC).
The drug met the primary endpoint, delivering a statistically significant 9.2-point reduction in the Robarts Histopathology Index (RHI) — a key measure of tissue-level inflammation in UC — after 12 weeks of treatment. Data from the study showed that treatment with the drug achieved a 40% clinical remission rate and a 51% endoscopic improvement rate.
In addition to strong efficacy, SPY001 demonstrated a favorable safety profile that was consistent with the α4β7 class. Spyre reported that six participants experienced treatment-emergent adverse events, including one serious adverse event that was not considered drug-related. The most common side-effect was back pain.
These results come from Part A of the SKYLINE study, which is evaluating Spyre’s anti-TL1A antibody SPY002 and anti-IL-23 antibody SPY003. While Part A is an open-label phase assessing each drug individually, Part B will be a randomized, placebo-controlled stage evaluating different doses and combinations of these therapies.
Initial data from the SPY002 and SPY003 cohorts in Part A of the SKYLINE study are expected in mid-2026 and the third quarter of 2026, respectively.
SPY001 targets the same α4β7 integrin pathway as Takeda Pharmaceutical’s TAK blockbuster drug Entyvio (vedolizumab), a well-established therapy in UC. Spyre has designed its drug with an extended half-life and optimized dosing, which may enable higher drug exposure and potentially less frequent maintenance dosing than the TAK drug, improving both efficacy and patient convenience.
This differentiated profile likely contributed to the recent surge in SYRE shares. Year to date, the stock has rallied 123% compared with the industry’s 1% growth.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
The company highlighted that SPY001’s efficacy compares favorably not only within the α4β7 class but against therapies across other mechanisms. In a conference call, management claimed that the efficacy data reported in the SKYLINE study were higher than those reported for either combination component in Johnson & Johnson’s JNJ mid-stage VEGA study.
This J&J study evaluated the IL-23 inhibitor Tremfya (guselkumab) and anti-TNF therapy Simponi (golimumab) as induction therapy in UC patients, aiming to improve outcomes by targeting multiple inflammatory pathways simultaneously.
Spyre Therapeutics, Inc. price | Spyre Therapeutics, Inc. Quote
Spyre currently has a Zacks Rank #4 (Sell).
You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Takeda Pharmaceutical Co. (TAK) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Spyre Therapeutics, Inc. (SYRE) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio