Title: AbbVie Q1 Earnings Loom_ Buy or Sell the Stock Ahead of Results_
Date: 2026-04-23 13:08
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/abbvie-q1-earnings-loom-buy-130800784.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude. 
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
Allbirds' AI pivot shows signs of froth in markets, but experts say the underlying fundamentals in AI remain strong.
Dow leaps 850 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch new records in stunning rally amid US-Iran diplomacy hopes
Stocks climbed at the open and oil fell as Iran said the Strait of Hormuz is 'completely open'
The stock market has notched one of its fastest turnarounds in years
Europe is facing a severe jet fuel shortage, with 'maybe six weeks of jet fuel left'
Stocks rebound after Trump says Israel, Lebanon agreed to ceasefire
S&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq rise, with fresh records in view amid hopes for truce
Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions
S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses
The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company
S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled
Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher
US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI
JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks'
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
AbbVie ABBV is set to report first-quarter 2026 earnings on April 29, before the opening bell. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for sales and earnings is pegged at $14.78 billion and $2.69 per share, respectively. Both metrics indicate an increase over the year-ago period.
Over the past 30 days, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for 2026 EPS has declined from $14.62 to $14.29, while that for 2027 has fallen from $16.18 to $16.17. This decline can be attributed to the impact of acquired IPR&D and milestone expenses expected to be recorded in the first quarter of 2026, as noted in an SEC filing released by the company earlier this month.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
AbbVie’s performance has been impressive, with its earnings exceeding expectations in each of the trailing four quarters. It delivered a trailing four-quarter average earnings surprise of 3.17%. In the last reported quarter, the pharma giant delivered an earnings surprise of 1.88%.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Per our proven model, companies with the combination of a positive Earnings ESP and a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), 2 (Buy) or 3 (Hold) have a good chance of delivering an earnings beat. This is not the case here. You can uncover the best stocks to buy or sell before they’re reported with our Earnings ESP Filter.
AbbVie currently has an Earnings ESP of -2.65% and a Zacks Rank #3. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here.
For the first quarter of 2026, AbbVie expects adjusted earnings to be in the range of $2.56-$2.60 per share. The company expects net revenues of approximately $14.7 billion. Currency is expected to have a positive impact of around 2% on sales.
AbbVie’s top-line growth in the quarter is likely to have been driven by higher sales of newer immunology drugs, Skyrizi and Rinvoq. We expect both drugs to have continued expanding their market share across all approved indications. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for Skyrizi sales is pegged at $4.41 billion, while the same for Rinvoq is pinned at $2.09 billion.
Sales of the company’s flagship drug Humira are likely to have continued their downward trend due to biosimilar erosion. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for the drug’s sales is pegged at $697 million.
AbbVie has provided its quarterly forecast for the immunology franchise. It expects to generate revenues worth $7.1 billion (from this franchise), which includes Skyrizi sales of $4.4 billion and Rinvoq sales of $2 billion.
In the oncology franchise, we expect J&J JNJ-partnered Imbruvica sales to have continued their downward trajectory. The drug’s sales have been declining over the past few years due to rising competitive pressure from novel oral therapies. This trend is expected to have intensified in the quarter as IRA-driven pricing changes, which came into effect at the start of 2026, must have further impacted sales. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for the J&J-partnered drug’s sales is pegged at $565 million.
Roche RHHBY-partnered Venclexta sales are likely to have risen as new patient starts might have improved, driven by strong demand for both CLL and AML indications. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for the Roche-partnered drug’s sales is pegged at $719 million.
AbbVie expects oncology revenues of approximately $1.6 billion in the first quarter, while the Zacks Consensus Estimate is pegged at $1.57 billion. Both estimates indicate a slight decline from the year-ago period's level.
Sales of the neuroscience franchise have shown strong growth in recent quarters. The growth is likely to have been driven by higher sales of Botox Therapeutic, depression drug Vraylar and new migraine drugs — Ubrelvy and Qulipta. We also expect the Parkinson’s disease drug Vyalev to have contributed to the franchise’s growth during the quarter. While the Zacks Consensus Estimate for neuroscience product sales is pegged at about $2.83 billion, ABBV expects to generate $2.8 billion from the segment.
In the aesthetics franchise, we expect overall sales to have started recovering from the sluggish sales of Botox and Juvederm fillers, as experienced in the past few quarters. The improvement is likely to have been driven by stabilizing demand in the facial injectable market in the United States and easing macroeconomic pressures, which is expected to have improved consumer sentiment. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for aesthetics product sales is pegged at $1.18 billion. AbbVie expects to generate $1.2 billion from the sale of its aesthetic products.
A single quarter’s results are not so important for long-term investors. Let us delve deeper to understand whether to buy, sell or hold the stock at present.
Shares of AbbVie have underperformed the industry year to date, as seen in the chart below.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
From a valuation standpoint, AbbVie is trading at a discount to the industry. Based on the price/earnings (P/E) ratio, the shares currently trade at 13.51 times forward earnings, lower than the industry’s average of 16.61.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
AbbVie combats its share of headwinds, including the impact of Humira's loss of exclusivity (LOE), increasing competitive pressure on Imbruvica and continued macro woes for Aesthetics. The company has effectively fended off its biggest challenge — Humira biosimilar erosion — quite well. Strong execution of newer immunology drugs Skyrizi and Rinvoq, both approved across major Humira indications as well as newer areas like atopic dermatitis, has driven a solid recovery. Backed by these launches, AbbVie delivered 8.5% year-over-year sales growth in 2025, marking just the second full year post-Humira LOE in the United States.
Looking ahead, AbbVie expects another strong year, guiding approximately 9.5% revenue growth in 2026, likely driven by continued momentum in Skyrizi and Rinvoq, a meaningful ramp-up of Vyalev and sustained double-digit growth in its migraine portfolio. These gains are expected to be partially offset by continued Humira erosion and pricing pressure on Imbruvica under the IRA.
Beyond 2026, AbbVie projects high single-digit revenue growth through 2029, supported by the absence of major LOE events and continued portfolio expansion. The company is investing in its future pipeline through strategic collaborations across multiple therapeutic areas. Earlier this year, AbbVie signed a licensing deal with China-based RemeGen for its PD-1xVEGF bispecific antibody candidate, RC148, further enhancing its oncology pipeline.
A solid pipeline and the prospect of growth in 2026 sales and profits are good enough reasons to stay invested in AbbVie stock. Any major decline in the company’s share price could be an opportunity for long-term investors to add the stock to their portfolio.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Roche Holding AG (RHHBY) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) : Free Stock Analysis Report
AbbVie Inc. (ABBV) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio