Title: Chef José Andrés: Restaurants closures are coming if inflation doesn't get under control
Date: 2026-04-14 23:51
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/chef-jose-andres-restaurants-closures-are-coming-if-inflation-doesnt-get-under-control-235111348.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled
Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher
US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI
JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks'
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading
The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride.
Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started.
Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks
Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg)
Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week
Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be.
Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher
Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO
What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings
The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey.
Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026.
Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains.
Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire
US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October.
US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge
Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite
Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now
Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation.
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
A new wave of inflation from skyrocketing oil prices could wreck havoc on the US restaurant industry.
"The cost of food is is going up for different situations. The cost of labor is going up for different situations. But restaurants already were a very fragile type of small business," chef and restauranteur José Andrés told Yahoo Finance at the Semafor World Economy conference on Tuesday (video above).
How are rising oil prices affecting restaurant operations?
What challenges are restaurants facing beyond inflation?
How is reduced tourism impacting the restaurant industry?
Why does José Andrés consider this worse than COVID?
"The vast majority of restaurants in America are owned by small chefs and restaurateurs. If you are working day and night and at the end of the year every year you have losses, why are you going to keep open?," he added.
Andrés is a world-renowned Spanish-American chef and humanitarian whose career has redefined the role of a modern culinary professional.
After moving to the US in 1991, he popularized authentic Spanish tapas and eventually built the José Andrés Group, which operates over 40 restaurants.
He's also the founder of World Central Kitchen, a non-profit that serves as a first responder for food during humanitarian and climate crises.
Andrés and his teams have served over 313 million meals in Gaza since 2023 and continues massive relief efforts in Ukraine and Lebanon.
"I have a feeling restaurants right now, they are in one of the most difficult situations. And we went through Covid! But right now it's a situation that for the restaurant industry, I have a feeling if we're not careful, restaurants are going to go down and we're going to see a bigger percentage of closures than we imagine," Andrés said.
Restaurants are battling headwinds from all angles.
The Labor Department on Friday said that its Consumer Price Index (CPI) was 3.3% higher in March than a year ago.
Gasoline prices rose 21.2% due to higher oil prices stemming from the Iran war. It's the largest monthly increase since record collection began in 1967. Year over year, gas prices are up 18.9%.
The fruits and vegetables index increased 4.0% over the last twelve months, and the nonalcoholic beverages index rose 4.7%.
It's proving hard to deliver a menu to diners right now in a cost effective way. The industry is also having difficulties filling lower paying jobs such as dishwashers. Immigration crackdowns by the Trump administration hasn't helped, either.
Restaurant staffing levels remain below pre-pandemic readings in 18 states and the District of Columbia, according to the National Restaurant Association.
Andrés adds that declining tourism has also hurt the industry.
"We are still $50 billion short of what was the peak of tourism in America. This also has put a very big strain in restaurants all across America," he said.
Brian Sozzi is Yahoo Finance's Executive Editor and a member of Yahoo Finance's editorial leadership team. Follow Sozzi on X @BrianSozzi, Instagram, and LinkedIn. Tips on stories? Email brian.sozzi@yahoofinance.com.
Click here for in-depth analysis of the latest stock market news and events moving stock prices
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
