Title: Jim Cramer on Pfizer_ “If I Want Good Yield, I’ll Buy a Bond”
Date: 2026-05-04 18:21
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/jim-cramer-pfizer-want-good-182114370.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE) was among the stocks on Jim Cramer’s radar on Mad Money as he discussed the upcoming earnings. Cramer noted that the stock was cheap with a good yield, as he remarked:
Hey, can Pfizer break out of its multi-year rut? Now, a lot depends on the presentation because I haven’t seen any needle movers in the portfolio. Primarily cheap, good yield, but if I want good yield, I’ll buy a bond.
Photo by Spencer Davis on Unsplash
Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE) develops and sells medicines and vaccines for several health conditions, including heart disease, infections, COVID-19, and rare diseases. Cramer discussed the stock in detail during the March 25 episode, as he stated:
In a slowdown, the hedge fund playbook says you want safety stocks. The stocks of companies that will make good money even if the broader economy deteriorates dramatically, the opposite of cyclical stocks. For example, big pharma. Now, if you need a medication, you’ll keep taking it in good times and bad. You don’t skip a dose. This is textbook recession-proof… And within big pharma, Lang likes Pfizer, Merck, and Bristol-Myers, three stocks with strong dividend yields that are seeing substantial institutional buying right now. I like all three, by the way. Let’s start with the daily chart of Pfizer, right, which Lang says is his favorite in the group.
Lately, he points out that Pfizer has had strong volume trends, meaning the stock tends to rally on high volume… By the way, when it declines, it’s usually on lower volume… For technicians, volume is like a polygraph… High volume on up days and lower volume on down days mean you’ve got an honest uptrend on your hands. Pfizer also has made a series of higher highs and higher lows… But this is textbook. It’s exactly how you want to see it. The stock remains above its 50-day moving average…
These are all bullish readings. Plus, the stock’s made a bullish cup and handle… This is one of the most reliably positive formations out there. Very encouraging… Take a look at the Chaikin Money Flow. Alright, this is an indicator that shows you whether big institutions are buying or selling. It spent most of this year in bullish territory, which tells us that institutional money managers are eagerly buying Pfizer here. At the same time, Lang likes that Pfizer pays you a bountiful 6.3% dividend yield. Now, I’m debating talking about Pfizer at our club meeting… but everything says fine. I just need to know their product flow better.
While we acknowledge the potential of PFE as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock.
READ NEXT: 33 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Years and 15 Stocks That Will Make You Rich in 10 Years 
Disclosure: None. Follow Insider Monkey on Google News.
