Title: Berkshire Hathaway Sold 16 Stocks in Q1, But Warren Buffett and Greg Abel Still Have 70% in Just 7 Stocks
Date: 2026-05-21 11:42
URL: https://247wallst.com/investing/2026/05/21/berkshire-hathaway-sold-16-stocks-in-q1-but-warren-buffett-and-greg-abel-still-have-70-in-7-stocks/?.tsrc=rss
Content: Investing Despite a massive selling spree in the first quarter, the Berkshire Hathaway portfolio still has almost 70% in just seven stocks. Many of the Q1 sales were stocks bought by portfolio manager Todd Combs, who left the company to go to JPMorgan. In dollar terms, proceeds from sales of equity securities totaled approximately $24.1 billion in the first three months of 2026, compared to $4.7 billion in the same period of 2025. The analyst who called NVIDIA in 2010 just named his top 10 stocks and Apple wasn't one of them.Get them here FREE. Sending You to Google News in3 Warren Buffettstepped down as CEO of Berkshire Hathaway on December 31, 2025, after six decades leading the conglomerate he transformed from a struggling textile mill into a $1 trillion empire. The “Oracle of Omaha” left his successor, Greg Abel, with a very concentrated portfolio: 70% of Berkshire’s $381 billion portfolio is invested in just seven stocks. Abel, who has served as vice chair overseeing non-insurance operations, officially took over as CEO on January 1, 2026. At 95 years old, Buffett isn’t fully retiring—he will remain chair of the board and plans to continue coming to the Omaha headquarters as much as before. However, he has stated he will be “going quiet” and leaving all decision-making to Abel.  An astonishing16 positions were entirely exited during the first quarter, in one of the most aggressive selling sprees the investment giant has done in years. Many of the top names were sold, and some large chunks of big names were also pared down but remain in the portfolio. A key factor behind the selling was the departure of portfolio manager Todd Combs. After he left Berkshire for an investment role at JPMorgan Chase, the firm sold the stocks in his portfolio, valued at roughly $15 billion. Still, total sales reached $24 billion, meaning Berkshire offloaded substantially more than just Combs’ holdings. Despite the massiveselling, which brought the portfolio’s total holdings from 40 positions down to just 26, making it one of Berkshire’s most aggressive single quarters in years, seven companies still account for just under 70% of the holdings. Few investors havethe results and reputation that Buffett has garnered over the past 60 years. Though he has stepped away from the CEO chair, his impact and investment guidelines are likely to remain in place long after he is gone. While investing has evolved since Buffett took control of Berkshire Hathaway in 1965, buying good companies with products and services recognized worldwide and paying dividends will always remain a timeless approach. Here are theseven stocks that account for almost 70% of Berkshire Hathaway’s portfolio.   The mega-captech giant was a major addition in the first quarter, strengthening Berkshire’s growth potential.Alphabet(NASDAQ: GOOGL|GOOGL Price Prediction) is a holding company and pays a small 0.22% dividend. Berkshire Hathaway came in big in the first quarter, adding a massive 36.4 million Class A shares and 3.5 million Class C shares, which tripled the existing stake. Berkshire now owns 57,835,013 shares, which is 0.9% of the float and 6.8% of the portfolio. The company’ssegments include: Google Cloudprovides enterprise-ready cloud services, including Google Cloud Platform and Google Workspace. Google Cloud Platform provides access to solutions such as: Google Workspaceincludes cloud-based communication and collaboration tools for enterprises, such as Calendar, Gmail, Docs, Drive, and Meet.   American Express(NYSE: AXP) is an American bank holding company and multinational financial services corporation specializing in payment cards. The stock performed strongly in 2025 and comes with a dividend yield of 1.09%. American Express is a globally integrated payments company that deals with card-issuing, merchant-acquiring, and card network businesses. The companyoffers products and services to customers worldwide, including consumers, small businesses, mid-sized companies, and large corporations. Its segments include: Berkshire Hathawayowns 151,610,700 shares, 22% of American Express’s float and 14.2% of the portfolio. Truist Financialhas a Buy rating with a $400 target price.   Apple(NASDAQ: AAPL) designs, develops, and sells consumer electronics, computer software, and online services, offering a small dividend of 0.35%. It is almost incomprehensible that the legacy technology giant, even after a recent fourth-quarter sale of 10 million shares and a surge in sales over the past two years, still holds a 227,917,808-share position that accounts for a stunning 20.7% of the Berkshire Hathaway portfolio, which holds 1.6% of Apple’s stock. The companyoffers: Apple also offersAppleCare support and cloud services, and operates various platforms, including the App Store, which enables customers to discover and download applications and digital content, such as books, music, videos, games, and podcasts. In addition,the company offers various services, such as: Wedbush hasan Outperform rating with a $325 target price. The analyst who called NVIDIA in 2010 just named his top 10 stocks and Apple wasn't one of them.Get them here FREE.   While Buffetthas trimmed his position over the past two years and sold a whopping 50 million shares in the fourth quarter, this quality financial giant remains an exceptional long-term holding with a solid 2.17% dividend yield.Bank of America(NYSE: BAC) is a bank holding and financial holding company that reported impressive Q4 results. Berkshire Hathaway owns 513,624,165 shares, which is 7.9% of the portfolio and 7.2% of the float. Berkshire did lower its Bank of America position in Q1 2026, but only modestly. According to the Q1 2026 13F filing, it was reduced by just 0.71%, a very small cut compared to other positions. Its segmentsinclude: Goldman Sachshas a Buy rating with a $67 target price.   This Americanmultinational energy company primarily focuses on oil and gas.Chevron(NYSE: CVX) is a safer option for investors looking to position themselves in the energy sector, and it pays a substantial 3.61% dividend, which was raised by 5% earlier this year. The company operates integrated energy and chemicals businesses worldwide. Berkshire Hathaway bought a very well-timed 8 million additional shares in the fourth quarter, but sold a massive 46 million shares in Q1. Despite the sale, Berkshire still holds 84,375,856 shares, representing 4.2% of the float and 5.1% of the portfolio. The companyoperates in two segments. The Upstream segment is involved in: The Downstreamsegment engages in: It also involvescash management, debt financing, insurance operations, real estate, and technology businesses. Bank of Americahas a Buy rating with a $206 target price.   Coca-Cola(NYSE: KO) is an American multinational corporation founded in 1892. This company remains a top long-time holding of Buffett. Berkshire owns a massive 400 million shares, which is 9.3% of the float and 9.9% of the portfolio. The stock pays a dependable 2.54% dividend. Coca-Colais the world’s largest beverage company, offering consumers more than 500 sparkling and still brands. Led by Coca-Cola, one of the world’s most valuable and recognizable brands, the portfolio features 20 billion-dollar brands, including: Globally, itis the top provider of sparkling beverages, ready-to-drink coffees, juices, and juice drinks. Through the world’s most extensive beverage distribution system, consumers in more than 200 countries enjoy the company’s beverages at a rate of over 1.9 billion servings per day. And remember that the company owns 19.5% ofMonster Beverage(NASDAQ: MNST), which continues to deliver strong financial results. Morgan Stanleyhas an Overweight rating and a target price of $87.   After yearsof building this position, Buffett and Berkshire Hathaway are finally in the money on this company, which pays a 1.64% dividend.Occidental Petroleum(NYSE: OXY) is an international energy company with assets primarily in the United States, the Middle East, and North Africa. The company is an oil and gas producer in the United States, including the Permian and D.J. basins and offshore Gulf of America. Berkshire Hathawayhas a large position in the company, owning 264,941,431 shares, representing 26.7% of the float and 4.9% of the portfolio. Occidental’soil and gas segment explores for, develops, and produces oil (including condensate), natural gas liquids (NGLs), and natural gas. The midstream and marketing segment purchases, markets, gathers, processes, transports, and stores oil (including condensate), NGLs, natural gas, carbon dioxide (CO2), and power. This segment provides flow assurance, maximizes the value of its oil and gas, and optimizes the company’s transportation and storage capacity. It also invests in entities that conduct similar activities, including low-carbon venture businesses. A notable recentdevelopment was Occidental’s decision to sell its OxyChem subsidiary to Berkshire Hathaway, with the bulk of the proceeds expected to strengthen the company’s balance sheet and further concentrate its business on oil and gas. The move was especially interesting because Buffett had reportedly long been interested in OxyChem, and Berkshire now owns the business outright. Berkshire Hathaway completed its purchase of OxyChem from Occidental on January 2, 2026, giving Buffett full ownership of the chemicals business while providing Occidental with $9.7 billion in cash to reduce debt and sharpen its focus on energy. Mizuho hasan Overweight rating and a $72 price objective.   Lee Jackson has covered Wall Street analysts' equity and debt research and equity strategy daily for 24/7 Wall St. since 2012. His broad and diverse career, which included a stint as the creative services director at the NBC affiliate in Austin, Texas, gives him unique insight into the financial industry and world. Lee Jackson's journey in the financial industry spans over 30 years, with nearly two decades as an institutional equity salesperson at Bear Stearns, Lehman Brothers, and Morgan Stanley. His career was marked by his presence on the sell side during pivotal Wall Street events, from the dot.com rise and bubble to the Long Term Capital Management debacle, 9/11, and the Great Recession of 2008. This is a testament to his resilience and adaptability in the face of market volatility. Lee Jackson’s practical financial industry experience, acquired from a career at some of the biggest banks and brokerage firms, is complemented by a lifetime of writing on various platforms. This unique combination allows him to shed light on the intricacies and workings of Wall Street in a way that only someone with deep insider experience and knowledge can. Moreover, his extensive network across Wall Street continues to provide direct access for him and 24/7 Wall St., a privilege few firms enjoy. Since 2012, Jackson’s work for 24/7 Wall St. has been featured in Barron’s, Yahoo Finance, MarketWatch, Business Insider, TradingView, Real Money, The Street, Seeking Alpha, Benzinga, and other media outlets. He attended the prestigious Cranbrook Schools in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan, and has a degree in broadcasting from the Specs Howard School of Media Arts. Our top personal finance-related articles today. Your wallet will thank you later. If any investor has stood the test of time, it’s Warren Buffett, and with good reason. For 60 years, the… Despite Warren Buffett’s impending departure, these five dividend stocks are likely to stay in the Berkshire Hathaway portfolio for decades… Though Warren Buffett may be stepping down, Berkshire Hathaway is unlikely to part with these four top long-time holdings. Despite Warren Buffett’s departure, these five dividend stocks are likely to stay in the Berkshire Hathaway portfolio for decades to… These four Warren Buffett favorite stocks are good growth and income investments that can be safely acquired now and held… If any investor has stood the test of time, it’s Warren Buffett, and with good reason. For years, the “Oracle… Warren Buffett stepped down as CEO of Berkshire Hathaway on December 31, 2025, after six decades leading the conglomerate he… Given Warren Buffett’s impending retirement, which dividend stocks are likely to remain in the Berkshire Hathaway portfolio for the long… Warren Buffett stepped down as chief executive of Berkshire Hathaway (NYSE: BRK-B | BRK-B Price Prediction) on December 31, 2025,…
