Title: 3 Stocks to Buy if You Think the Economy Is Heading for a Recession
Date: 2026-05-21 06:50
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/05/21/3-stocks-to-buy-if-you-think-the-economy-is-headin/?.tsrc=rss
Content: They have increased their payouts for a combined 171 years straight. Although broader equities have performed pretty well this year, recession fears are lingering. After all, we are still dealing with macroeconomic problems and rising inflation. For those especially worried that the economy will eventually succumb to these headwinds and enter a recession, it helps to buy shares of companies that can perform well even in the most challenging environments. Here are three of them:Abbott Laboratories(ABT0.77%),Coca-Cola(KO0.47%), andWalmart(WMT7.27%). Read on to find out why these three stocks are excellent buys if there is a recession on the way. Image source: Getty Images. There are several reasons Abbott Laboratories is an excellent stock to buy ahead of a recession. First, it has a large portfolio of healthcare products across four categories: Pharmaceuticals, medical devices, nutrition, and diagnostics. Many of the products it offers remain in high demand regardless of economic conditions. For instance, in nutrition, it is a market leader in baby formula, something parents aren't going to want to stop buying, no matter what happens. Within its coremedical device business, Abbott Laboratories markets a range of products that help treat serious, sometimes life-threatening conditions. Those, too, should experience resilient demand even during recessions. Second, Abbott Laboratories has several growth drivers that could help it deliver solid financial results for a long time. The company's FreeStyle Libre franchise -- a family of continuous glucose monitoring devices for diabetes patients -- has been its main growth driver for a while and still boasts plenty of white space. Abbott Laboratories also now has a stronger presence in thecancerscreening market, another promising niche, thanks to a recent acquisition.Third, Abbott Laboratories is a fantastic dividend stock. With 54 straight years of payout increases, the healthcare giant is aDividend King, or a corporation with at least 50 consecutive years of dividend raises. Regular payouts can help buffer market losses if a recession drags broader equities down. Abbott Laboratories hasn't performed well this year, partly due to slowing top-line growth, especially within its diagnostic and nutrition businesses. This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason. However, recent developments (including an acquisition that boosted its diagnostics segment) can help it address these problems. The stock should remain a reliable dividend payer through the next recession and beyond. Coca-Cola is a consumer staples giant with a large portfolio of beverages across practically every category known to man, including water, alcohol, sports drinks, coffee, tea, and more. The company boasts a strong brand name that allows it to command shelf space in grocery stores while nearly effortlessly attracting customers. The consumer staples industry is a highly defensive one. So, even in a recession, Coca-Cola's business should perform relatively well, as the company has demonstrated many times before. One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size. We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name. Coca-Cola is also an innovative beverage maker that routinely launches new products (or twists on existing ones) that help it stay ahead of changing consumer demands. That can, for instance, mean introducing cheaper versions of some of its well-known brands to attract price-sensitive customers during tough economic times. All these factors -- and more -- make Coca-Cola a recession-resistant stock. And to top it all off, the company is also a Dividend King with 64 consecutive years of payout increases. Walmart, a leading U.S. retailer, is known for its Every Day Low Price (EDLP) strategy. Thanks to the company's large scale and extensive customer base, it can negotiate favorable deals with suppliers and pass those cost savings onto its customers, whether they shop directly in its stores or through online channels. Walmart is a leading e-commerce retailer, and its online retail business has been growing much faster in recent years. We can also mention Walmart's vast footprint in the U.S.: 90% of the country's population lives within 10 miles of one of its stores.In other words, Walmart is conveniently located and offers attractive prices, making it a great place to shop, especially during a recession. That's why the company can perform relatively well even amid economic problems. Lastly, Walmart is a Dividend King, too, with 53 consecutive years of payout increases. The retail giant might suffer a bit if we head into a recession, but it should emerge in one piece and continue performing well long after.     Before you buy stock inAbbott Laboratories, consider this: The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andAbbott Laboratorieswasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut are built for long-term growth and could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $475,063!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,369,991!* That performance is why people listen. With a track record ofbeating the S&P 500 by nearly 5x,Stock Advisoroffers a distinct advantage. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built for the long haul. See the 10 stocks › *Stock Advisor returns as of May 21, 2026.  Prosper Junior Bakinyhas positions in Walmart. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Abbott Laboratories and Walmart. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy. This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over51 Metas. What in the world could be worth 51 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited. Continue ›  *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason. Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services. Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. ©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io. About The Motley Fool Our Services Around the Globe Free Tools Affiliates & Friends
