Title: 2 Dividend Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever
Date: 2026-05-20 00:43
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/05/19/2-dividend-stocks-to-buy-and-hold-forever/?.tsrc=rss
Content: All investors should consider owning this popular REIT and the king of the beverage sector. There are very few things investors like more than a stock that keeps giving them money to own it. With that in mind, I'm flagging two rock-solid dividend stocks that not only are ultra-reliable in their dividend payouts, but also constantly raise them. Let's take a closer look at this pair of stars, real estate investment trust (REIT)Realty Income(O0.02%)and eternalbeveragepowerhouseCoca-Cola(KO0.47%). Image source: Getty Images. Realty Income tops many a list of favorite income stocks, not least because theREITis one of the very few companies that pays a monthly dividend, rather than the standard quarterly payout. It's been doing so for over three decades, enacting its first dividend raise shortly after its initial public offering (IPO) in 1994. Realty Income has the financial power to do this because its business model is clever, straightforward, and very effective. This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason. It specializes in retail properties and, within that category, favors recession-proof tenants like supermarkets and convenience stores -- all the better to weather the inevitable downturns in the commercial real estate market. No matter how lousy the economy, you and I will still need to buy food and other essentials, after all. Yet there are plenty of other types of tenants, too, since the REIT had stakes in over 15,500 properties as of the end of March, with sky-high occupancy of 98.9%. One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size. We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name. As for its financials, Realty Income continues to deliver admirable growth for its size. Full-year 2025 revenue grew by 9% from the previous year, with funds from operations (FFO; a key profitability line item for REITs) improving at an 11% pace to nearly $3.9 billion. With inflation on the rise, some American consumers are tightening their belts, which will put pressure on the economy. When that happens, I think the market will embrace Realty Income even more, this time as a defensive play thanks to the structure of its portfolio. I believe this is a top-shelf REIT in both a strong and a weak economy. Realty Income's latest monthly payout was slightly over $0.27 per share. The current dividend yield is 5.3%. Coca-Cola is far more than just Coca-Cola the drink (and its many variants). It's amassed the most formidable portfolio of beverage brands in the world, to the point where if you're quaffing Minute Maid juice, Costa coffee, Gold Peak iced tea, or myriad other drinks, you're consuming one of its products. Better, this sprawling collection of popular beverages requires little to no innovation or change (the company attempted to "update" its signature drink in the 1980s with disastrous consequences, but that's a story for another time). Compounding that, many are cheap to make. Given that, it's little wonder the company has been highly profitable, with rare exceptions, throughout much of its history. From 2020 to 2025, the company's revenue has risen each year, from $38.7 billion to just under $48.4 billion. Headline net income has been more up-and-down but still well in the black, and it rose by an impressive 23% in 2025 to $13.1 billion. I should also note that this occurred in a period when consumers became increasingly health-conscious and particular about their food and drink choices. At this point, given its many enviable advantages, I think this company will be a dividend-paying, dividend-raising winner very far into the future. Coca-Cola, by the way, is one of the market's fewDividend Kings(i.e., a company that has pulled the lever on dividend raises at least once a year for at least 50 years running). Its current quarterly distribution is $0.53 per share, yielding 2.6%. That's well above the 1.1% average of all component stocks in the bellwetherS&P 500index.     Before you buy stock inRealty Income, consider this: The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andRealty Incomewasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $475,063!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,369,991!* Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is994% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to207%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors. See the 10 stocks › *Stock Advisor returns as of May 21, 2026.  Eric Volkmanhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Realty Income. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy. This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over51 Metas. What in the world could be worth 51 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited. Continue ›  *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason. Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services. Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. ©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io. About The Motley Fool Our Services Around the Globe Free Tools Affiliates & Friends
