Title: 2 Healthcare Stocks Worth Your Attention and 1 We Ignore
Date: 2026-04-23 23:41
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/healthcare/articles/2-healthcare-stocks-worth-attention-234123699.html?.tsrc=rss

Healthcare companies are pushing the status quo by innovating in areas like drug development and digital health. But financial performance has lagged recently as players offloaded surplus COVID inventories in 2023 and 2024, a headwind for overall demand. The result? Over the past six months, the industry’s 1.8% return has trailed the S&P 500 by 3.1 percentage points. What are UnitedHealth's key competitive advantages? Why does StockStory recommend avoiding NeoGenomics stock? How has healthcare sector performance compared recently? What makes iRhythm Technologies an attractive healthcare investment? Despite the lackluster result, a few diamonds in the rough can produce earnings growth no matter what, and we started StockStory to help you find them. Keeping that in mind, here are two healthcare stocks boasting durable advantages and one we’re swiping left on. Market Cap: $1.06 billion Operating a network of CAP-accredited and CLIA-certified laboratories across the United States and United Kingdom, NeoGenomics (NASDAQ:NEO) provides specialized cancer diagnostic testing services, including genetic analysis, molecular testing, and pathology consultation for oncologists and healthcare providers. Why Do We Avoid NEO? Revenue growth over the past five years was nullified by the company’s new share issuances as its earnings per share fell by 3% annually Push for growth has led to negative returns on capital, signaling value destruction High net-debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 6× could force the company to raise capital at unfavorable terms if market conditions deteriorate NeoGenomics is trading at $7.89 per share, or 47.7x forward P/E.Check out our free in-depth research report to learn more about why NEO doesn’t pass our bar. Market Cap: $3.94 billion Pioneering the shift from bulky, short-term heart monitors to sleek, wire-free patches, iRhythm Technologies (NASDAQ:IRTC) provides wearable cardiac monitoring devices and AI-powered analysis services that help physicians detect and diagnose heart rhythm disorders. Why Do We Like IRTC? Market share has increased this cycle as its 23.1% annual revenue growth over the last two years was exceptional Adjusted operating margin improvement of 25.6 percentage points over the last five years demonstrates its ability to scale efficiently Free cash flow profile has moved into positive territory over the last five years, indicating the company has passed a significant test At $125.00 per share, iRhythm trades at 39.5x forward EV-to-EBITDA. Is now the right time to buy?See for yourself in our full research report, it’s free. Market Cap: $321.1 billion With over 100 million people served across its various businesses and a workforce of more than 400,000, UnitedHealth Group (NYSE:UNH) operates a health insurance business and Optum, a healthcare services division that provides everything from pharmacy benefits to primary care.