Title: Warren Buffett bought 5M UnitedHealth shares as it tanked. A $13B Medicare boosted it. Was he right?
Date: 2026-04-09 12:05
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/healthcare/articles/warren-buffett-bought-5m-unitedhealth-110500600.html?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian.
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
Nike set the stage for a turnaround, but global events keep getting in its way
Last August, Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway (NYSE:BRK.B) announced (1) that it made the intriguing purchase of 5.04 million shares in troubled insurer UnitedHealth Group. Investor confidence in the company has wavered in the months since, but things could be turning around.
On Tuesday, shares of UnitedHealth Group jumped more than 11% at one point and closed up a little more than 9%. The rally followed news that the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) finalized (2) its 2027 Medicare Advantage (MA) rate update, showing a net average year-over-year increase of 2.48% in MA plan payments in 2026. That amounts to a $13 billion increase, far higher than the previous estimate of 0.09%, or $700 million.
Thanks to Jeff Bezos, you can nowbecome a landlord for as little as $100— and no, you don't have to deal with tenants or fix freezers. Here's how
Robert Kiyosaki begs investors not to miss this ‘explosion’ — saysthis 1 asset will surge 400% in a year
Dave Ramsey warns nearly 50% of Americans are making 1 big Social Security mistake —here’s what it is and the simple steps to fix it ASAP
A jump like that might seem like a reason to pop the champagne at the company’s Omaha, Nebraska headquarters, but any cheers tied to this investment are likely muted. Despite the April 7 spike, Berkshire Hathaway’s stake is worth roughly the same as it was when Buffett first invested $1.6 billion.
That’s because, despite an initial 6% bump when Berkshire revealed its stake, UnitedHealth shares have fallen this year on modest earnings (3) and soft guidance for 2026. The company has also seen CEO Andrew Witty depart for what were described as personal reasons and has become one of the biggest targets of public frustration with insurers.
UnitedHealth was a surprising pick for Buffett, who has long criticized the U.S. health care system for some time due to high costs. In 2018, he famously said (4) “the ballooning costs of healthcare act as a hungry tapeworm on the American economy.”
In an attempt to rectify that, Berkshire Hathaway partnered with Amazon and JPMorgan Chase to launch Haven, an independent company meant to cut healthcare costs and look for technology solutions to simplify the system.
“Our group does not come to this problem with answers,” Buffett said at the time. “But we also do not accept it as inevitable. Rather, we share the belief that putting our collective resources behind the country’s best talent can, in time, check the rise in health costs while concurrently enhancing patient satisfaction and outcomes.”
Things didn’t go as planned. The venture disbanded (5) three years later.
Read More:How to apply Dave Ramsey’s 7 Baby Steps to your own life
Investors might be skeptical of UnitedHealth, but analysts have remained bullish on the stock.
Last week, Raymond James upgraded (6) the company from “market perform” to “outperform” and raised the price target to $330. Overall, more than three-quarters (7) of the analysts who rate the company have it as a “buy” or better.
Bank of America raised (8) its price target on April 7 from $315 to $337 while Bernstein raised (9) its from $405 to $411.
For Berkshire Hathaway, the UnitedHealth Group investment is another example of Buffett following the investment strategies he has discussed many times before: Look for bargains.
“Whether we’re talking about stocks or socks, I like buying quality merchandise when it is marked down,” Buffett is quoted as saying (10).
UnitedHealth stood well off its 52-week high (11) of $606 both on April 7 and when Berkshire Hathaway bought shares in it last August. It’s still the market leader with sound fundamentals, which makes for an interesting investment by Buffett’s playbook.
“You don’t need to be an expert in order to achieve satisfactory investment returns,” he has said. “Keep things simple and don’t swing for the fences. When promised quick profits, respond with a quick ‘no.’”
Taxes are going to change for retirees under Trump’s ‘big beautiful bill’ —here are 4 reasons you can’t afford to waste time
Robert Kiyosakiissues grim warning for baby boomers: many could be ‘wiped out’ and homeless ‘all over’ the country
Turning 50 with $0 saved? Good news, you’re actually entering your prime earning years.Here are 6 ways to catch up fast
Vanguard’s outlook on U.S. stocks is raising alarm bells for retirees.Here’s why and how to protect yourself
Join 250,000+ readers and get Moneywise’s best stories and exclusive interviews first — clear insights curated and delivered weekly.Subscribe now.
We rely only on vetted sources and credible third-party reporting. For details, see oureditorial ethics and guidelines.
CNBC(1); Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services(2); UnitedHealth Group(3); CNBC(4); CNBC(5); Yahoo Finance(6); ChartMill(7); Yahoo Finance(8);Investing.com(9); Yahoo Finance(10); Google Finance(11)
This article provides information only and should not be construed as advice. It is provided without warranty of any kind.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio