Title: UnitedHealth Group (UNH) Upgraded Over Potential Upside to Earnings Estimates
Date: 2026-04-08 07:21
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/healthcare/articles/unitedhealth-group-unh-upgraded-over-070224075.html?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian.
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
Nike set the stage for a turnaround, but global events keep getting in its way
UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH) is included among the15 Best S&P 500 Stocks to Buy Right Now.
UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH) is a health care and well-being company with team members in two distinct and complementary businesses – its insurance wing, UnitedHealthcare, and its health services segment, Optum.
UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH) received a boost on April 1 when Raymond James analyst John Ransom upgraded the stock from ‘Market Perform’ to ‘Outperform’. The analyst assigned UNH a price target of $330, indicating an upside of 19% from the current levels.
Mr. Ransom cited a potential upside to the company’s earnings estimates over the coming years for the upgrade. The analyst expects a ‘modest’ 20 basis point upside to UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH)’s general and administrative expenses for 2027 and 2028, driven by potential AI initiatives and margin improvement at the company’s health services arm, Optum Health.
UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH) is projecting cost reductions of nearly $1 billion for FY 2026, largely attributed to AI and automation. The company expects an adjusted EPS of greater than $17.75 for the year, with measured growth across all reporting segments, and UnitedHealthcare is projected to deliver double-digit improvements. The Minnesota-based firm has a revenue guidance of nearly $440 billion for 2026.
Mairs & Power, an investment advisor, recently stated the following regarding UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH) in its Q4 2025investor letter:
“While stock selection has historically delivered positive long-term results for our shareholders, it was a notable headwind in 2025, with Fiserv (FI) and UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH) standing out as prominent detractors from relative performance. Despite their recent pullbacks, both positions remain substantial long-term winners, appreciating more than 300% and 100%, respectively, since our initial investments.
Both companies experienced significant execution missteps that ultimately resulted in weaker-than-expected reported fundamentals. Although we had been trimming these positions due to stretched valuations and growing concerns around leadership uncertainty, in hindsight we should have acted more decisively in reducing our exposure to these names.
That said, we believe the challenges at both companies are largely self-inflicted operational issues rather than structural impairments to their franchises. In short, the problems appear fixable but will take time to resolve. We are therefore comfortable maintaining our current positions and believe patient capital will ultimately be rewarded as execution improves…” (Click here to read the full text)
While we acknowledge the potential of UNH as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on thebest short-term AI stock.
READ NEXT:15 Best High Yield Energy Stocks to Buy Nowand14 Best Energy Stocks to Buy According to Wall Street Analysts
Disclosure: None.Follow Insider Monkey on Google News.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio