Title: OpenAI reportedly expects $100B in advertising revenue by 2030
Date: 2026-04-09 16:01
URL: https://www.proactiveinvestors.com/companies/news/1090292/openai-reportedly-expects-100b-in-advertising-revenue-by-2030-1090292.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Pharma & Biotech
Gold & Silver
Crypto
Battery Metals
Artificial Intelligence
The content on this Site is provided for information purposes only and does not constitute investment advice, a personal recommendation, an offer or solicitation to buy or sell securities, or any other regulated activity. It should not be relied upon as the basis for any investment decision.
Before making any investment decision, you should:
Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future results. The value of investments can fall as well as rise. You may not recover the amount you invest, and in some cases you may be required to pay more.
Emily began her career as a political journalist for Australian Community Media in Hobart, Tasmania. After she relocated to Toronto, Canada, she reported on business, legal, and scientific developments in the emerging psychedelics sector before joining Proactive in 2022. She brings a strong journalism background with her work featured in newspapers, magazines, and digital publications across Australia, Europe, and North America, including The Examiner, The Advocate, The Canberra Times, and... Read more
Proactive financial news and online broadcast teams provide fast, accessible, informative and actionable business and finance news content to a global investment audience. All our content is produced independently by our experienced and qualified teams of news journalists.
Proactive news team spans the world’s key finance and investing hubs with bureaus and studios in London, New York, Toronto, Vancouver, Sydney and Perth. 
We are experts in medium and small-cap markets, we also keep our community up to date with blue-chip companies, commodities and broader investment stories. This is content that excites and engages motivated private investors.
The team delivers news and unique insights across the market including but not confined to: biotech and pharma, mining and natural resources, battery metals, oil and gas, crypto and emerging digital and EV technologies.
Proactive has always been a forward looking and enthusiastic technology adopter.
Our human content creators are equipped with many decades of valuable expertise and experience. The team also has access to and use technologies to assist and enhance workflows.
Proactive will on occasion use automation and software tools, including generative AI. Nevertheless, all content published by Proactive is edited and authored by humans, in line with best practice in regard to content production and search engine optimisation.

Published: 12:01 09 Apr 2026 EDT
  
OpenAI (Unlisted:OPAI), the company behind the AI chatbot ChatGPT, expects to achieve $2.5 billion in advertising revenue this year and is eyeing $100 billion by 2030, Axios reported on Thursday.
The projections assume OpenAI’s products reach 2.75 billion weekly users by 2030 and capture a growing share of the global digital advertising market.
According to the report, which cited a source familiar with recent investor presentations, OpenAI plans for ad revenue to rise to $11 billion in 2027, $25 billion in 2028, and $53 billion in 2029.
The company began testing ads earlier this year with US users on ChatGPT’s free tier and lower-priced Go plan.
An OpenAI spokesperson said last month that the pilot program had already generated $100 million in annualized revenue within six weeks and attracted over 600 advertisers.
The move positions OpenAI against established digital ad giants such as Alphabet’s Google and Meta, whose ad revenues reached $294.69 billion and $196.18 billion, respectively, in 2025.
Sign up to receive alerts and news direct to your inbox
BioVie CEO Cuong Do joined Steve Darling from Proactive to discuss the company’s novel approach to treating Parkinson’s disease, focusing on neuroinflammation and insulin resistance as key drivers of the condition.Do challenged the traditional view of Parkinson’s as solely a dopamine-related...
Copyright © Proactive Group Holdings Inc, 2026
All Rights Reserved - Proactive North America Inc., Proactive Investors LLC.
Market Indices, Commodities and Regulatory News Headlines copyright © Morningstar. Data delayed 15 minutes unless otherwise indicated. Terms of use.

