Title:   Johnson & Johnson investigational co-antibody therapy JNJ-4804 shows potential to raise the bar for clinical efficacy in treating refractory inflammatory bowel disease
Date:    2026-05-05 12-05
URL:     https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/healthcare/articles/johnson-johnson-investigational-co-antibody-120500146.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap. Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin) Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know. Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week. April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation. Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower' The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it) Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience' Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press) Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war. If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans. The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020 The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year. Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed Powell holds what is expected to be his final press conference as chair after the Fed keeps rates steady Fed holds interest rates steady with no end to Iran war in sight Elon Musk testified again in the OpenAI trial, describing his behavior at the company and its nonprofit 'halo' A Senate committee confirmed Kevin Warsh, sending his nomination to be chairman of the Fed to the full Senate Stocks slipped at the open as investors awaited a Fed decision and Big Tech earnings The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1 The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings. The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs. JNJ-4804 demonstrated highest rates of clinical and endoscopic outcomes compared to golimumab and guselkumab in patients with ulcerative colitis or Crohn's disease who have had inadequate response to two or more systemic therapy classes JNJ-4804 is the first and only fixed dose co-antibody designed to deliver molecular synergy in IBD by blocking the complementary IL-23 and TNF pathways Data from Phase 2b DUET studies show potential to address a critical unmet need and support advancement to Phase 3 trials CHICAGO, May 5, 2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ) today announced Phase 2b data from two studies evaluating JNJ-4804, an investigational co-antibody therapy targeting both interleukin-23 (IL-23) and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-α), in patients with moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis (UC) or Crohn's disease (CD) that is refractory to systemic therapies.1,2 The late-breaking presentations from the DUET-UC and DUET-CD studies were among the 32 company-sponsored abstracts being presented at Digestive Disease Week (DDW) 2026. In both studies at Week 48, JNJ-4804 showed meaningful improvements across multiple clinical and endoscopic measures for a subpopulation of patients who are considered highly refractory and have had inadequate response to two or more systemic therapy classes. DUET-CD studyIn the overall population, JNJ-4804a demonstrated higher clinical remissionb rates (50.8%) and endoscopic responsec rates (38.1%) versus golimumab (25.4% for clinical remission, 19.8% for endoscopic response) at Week 48. The JNJ-4804 rates were also numerically higher than the rates achieved with guselkumab (42.5% for clinical remission and 33.9% for endoscopic response). In the highly refractory subpopulation of patients with CD who have had inadequate response to two or more systemic therapy classes, JNJ-4804 showed clinically meaningful improvements at Week 48 across multiple clinical and endoscopic endpoints compared to golimumab and guselkumab monotherapies, and placebo. Clinical remission rates for JNJ-4804 were nearly double the highest comparator and more than 60% higher in endoscopic response rate. "Despite many treatment advances for Crohn's disease over the past two decades, many patients do not achieve long-term disease control with the currently available options, even after trying multiple monotherapies with different classes," said Bruce E. Sands, MD, MS, Dr. Burrill B. Crohn Professor of Medicine at the Icahn School of Medicine, and Chief, Division of the Dr. Henry D. Janowitz Division of Gastroenterology at Mount Sinai Health System and presenting author of the DUET-CD study. "The results from DUET-CD are particularly promising because they show meaningful clinical and endoscopic improvements in patients who have exhausted existing options." DUET-UC studyIn the overall population, JNJ-4804a demonstrated superior clinical remissiond rates compared to golimumab, with 41.0% of JNJ-4804-treated patients achieving clinical remission at Week 48 versus golimumab (11.5%), and numerically higher rates than guselkumab (34.0%). In the highly refractory subpopulation of patients with UC who have had inadequate response to two or more systemic therapy classes, JNJ-4804 showed clinically meaningful improvements at Week 48 across multiple clinical and endoscopic endpoints compared to golimumab and guselkumab monotherapies, and placebo, with the clinical remission rate for JNJ-4804 being almost 60% higher than the closest comparator. "There is a major unmet need for patients who either don't respond or are no longer responding to current UC treatments," said Dr. Maria Abreu, Executive Director of the F. Widjaja Inflammatory Bowel Disease Institute at Cedars-Sinai in Los Angeles and presenting author of DUET-UC. "The ongoing symptoms patients face when their UC is uncontrolled can profoundly impact their lives. The improvements we saw in DUET-UC are very encouraging, offering a potential new approach for patients with few options for long-term disease control." In both studies, safety findings were generally consistent with the known profiles of the component monotherapies. Addressing an unmet need in refractory inflammatory bowel disease (IBD)Inflammatory bowel disease, including UC and CD, affects millions of people worldwide. While advances in biologics and targeted therapies have improved outcomes for many patients, many individuals either no longer respond or lose response over time.3 It is common for patients to cycle through multiple therapies while experiencing diminishing efficacy, leading to persistent symptoms such as abdominal pain, urgency, and bleeding. Ongoing inflammation can lead to irreversible bowel damage, hospitalization, and surgeries.4 These challenges highlight a critical need for new treatments that can deliver meaningful disease control for patients who have been refractory to treatment with monotherapies. "Inflammatory bowel disease involves multiple inflammatory pathways, which may help explain why some patients don't respond or lose response to existing monotherapies," said Esi Lamousé Smith, M.D., Ph.D., Vice President, Gastroenterology Disease Area Lead, Immunology, Johnson & Johnson. "By targeting the orthogonal pathways of IL-23 and TNFα, JNJ-4804 yields a synergistic therapeutic approach. The results from the DUET studies highlight its potential to change the treatment landscape." Based on results from the Phase 2b DUET studies, Johnson & Johnson will be initiating the Phase 3 DUET ENCORE-CD trial in adults with moderately to severely active CD as well as the Phase 3 DUET ENCORE-UC trial in adults with moderately to severely active UC. With these data, in addition to results from the Phase 3 FUZION study of TREMFYA® (guselkumab) in perianal fistulizing Crohn's disease, Johnson & Johnson therapies account for three late-breaking abstracts featured at DDW.5 (Dr. Bruce E. Sands and Dr. Maria Abreau are paid consultants for Johnson & Johnson. They have not been compensated for any media work). For a full list of all Johnson & Johnson data being presented at DDW visit: https://www.jnj.com/innovativemedicine/immunology/gastroenterology. Editor's Notes: a. Data represents the JNJ-4804 high dose group.b. Clinical remission was defined as a CDAI score of <150.c. Endoscopic response was defined as a >50% improvement from baseline in SES-CD or an SES-CD ≤2, as assessed by central endoscopy reading. d. Clinical remission was defined as a stool frequency subscore of 0 or 1, a rectal bleeding subscore of 0, and an endoscopy subscore of 0 or 1 per central review of the video endoscopy. About the DUET-UC and DUET-CD studiesThe DUET-UC (ulcerative colitis) and DUET-CD (Crohn's disease) studies are randomized, double-blind, dose-ranging Phase 2b studies comparing JNJ-4804 with placebo and active comparators, including guselkumab and golimumab. Patients enrolled in both studies had moderately to severely active disease with inadequate response or intolerance to one or more systemic therapy classes, including biologics and targeted oral therapies. Approximately half of participants in each study had previously experienced inadequate response to two or more therapy classes, representing a highly treatment-experienced population. The Phase 2b DUET clinical program builds on earlier proof-of-concept findings from the Phase 2a VEGA study and is intended to inform potential registrational trials.6,7,8 The primary endpoint of DUET-UC was clinical remission at Week 48. Key secondary endpoints included corticosteroid-free clinical remission, endoscopic improvement, histologic remission and endoscopic improvement (HREI) at Week 48.1 The co-primary endpoints of DUET-CD were clinical remission at Week 48 and endoscopic response at Week 48. Key endpoints included endoscopic remission, deep remission and corticosteroid-free clinical remission at Week 48.2 About JNJ-4804JNJ-4804 is an investigational co-antibody therapy designed to target both interleukin-23 (IL-23) and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-α), two inflammatory pathways involved in chronic immune-mediated diseases. JNJ-4804 is a fixed-dose combination of two proven therapies, guselkumab and golimumab, in a single, subcutaneous (SC) injection. JNJ-4804 is being studied in the Phase 2b DUET clinical program in inflammatory bowel disease and the Phase 2a AFFINITY study in active psoriatic arthritis (PsA). About Ulcerative ColitisUlcerative colitis (UC) is a chronic disease of the large intestine, also known as the colon, in which the lining of the colon becomes inflamed and develops tiny open sores, or ulcers, that produce pus and mucus. It is the result of the immune system's overactive response. Symptoms vary but may typically include loose and more urgent bowel movements, rectal bleeding or bloody stool, persistent diarrhea, abdominal pain, loss of appetite, weight loss, and fatigue. Currently there is no cure available for UC. 9 About Crohn's Disease Crohn's disease is one of the two main forms of inflammatory bowel disease, which affects an estimated three million Americans and an estimated four million people across Europe.10,11 Crohn's disease is a chronic inflammatory condition of the gastrointestinal tract with no known cause, but the disease is associated with abnormalities of the immune system that could be triggered by a genetic predisposition, diet, or other environmental factors.12 Symptoms of Crohn's disease can vary, but often include abdominal pain and tenderness, frequent diarrhea, rectal bleeding, weight loss, and fever. Currently no cure is available for Crohn's disease.13 ABOUT TREMFYA® (guselkumab) Developed by Johnson & Johnson, TREMFYA is the first fully-human, dual-acting monoclonal antibody designed to neutralize inflammation at the cellular source by blocking IL-23 and binding to CD64 (a receptor on cells that produce IL-23). Findings for the dual-acting mechanism are limited to in vitro studies that demonstrate guselkumab binds to CD64, which is expressed on the surface of IL-23 producing cells in an inflammatory monocyte model. The clinical significance of this finding is not known. TREMFYA is a prescription medicine approved in the U.S. to treat: adults and children 6 years and older who also weigh at least 88 pounds (40 kg) with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis who may benefit from taking injections or pills (systemic therapy) or phototherapy (treatment using ultraviolet or UV light). adults and children 6 years and older who also weigh at least 88 pounds (40 kg) with active psoriatic arthritis. adults with moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis. adults with moderately to severely active Crohn's disease. TREMFYA is approved in Europe, Canada, Japan, and a number of other countries for the treatment of adults with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis, adults with active psoriatic arthritis, adults with moderate-to-severe Crohn's disease and adults with moderate-to-severe ulcerative colitis. The legal manufacturer for TREMFYA is Janssen Biotech, Inc. Johnson & Johnson maintains exclusive worldwide marketing rights to TREMFYA. For more information, visit: www.tremfya.com . IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION  What is the most important information I should know about TREMFYA?  TREMFYA is a prescription medicine that may cause serious side effects, including:  Serious Allergic Reactions. Stop using TREMFYA and get emergency medical help right away if you develop any of the following symptoms of a serious allergic reaction: o fainting, dizziness, feeling lightheaded (low blood  pressure)  o swelling of your face, eyelids, lips, mouth, tongue or  throat  o trouble breathing or throat tightness  o chest tightness  o skin rash, hives  o itching  Infections. TREMFYA may lower the ability of your immune system to fight infections and may increase your risk of infections. Your healthcare provider should check you for infections and tuberculosis (TB) before starting treatment with TREMFYA and may treat you for TB before you begin treatment with TREMFYA if you have a history of TB or have active TB. Your healthcare provider should watch you closely for signs and symptoms of TB during and after treatment with TREMFYA. Tell your healthcare provider right away if you have an infection or have symptoms of an infection, including:  o fever, sweats, or chills   o muscle aches   o weight loss   o cough   o warm, red, or painful skin or sores on your body different from your psoriasis   o diarrhea or stomach pain   o shortness of breath   o blood in your phlegm (mucus)   o burning when you urinate or urinating more often than normal   Liver problems. With the treatment of Crohn's disease or ulcerative colitis, your healthcare provider will do blood tests to check your liver before and during treatment with TREMFYA. Your healthcare provider may stop treatment with TREMFYA if you develop liver problems. Tell your healthcare provider right away if you notice any of the following symptoms: o unexplained rash  o vomiting  o tiredness (fatigue)  o yellowing of the skin or the whites of your eyes  o nausea  o stomach pain (abdominal)  o loss of appetite  o dark urine  Do not use TREMFYA if you have had a serious allergic reaction to guselkumab or any of the ingredients in TREMFYA. Before using TREMFYA, tell your healthcare provider about all of your medical conditions, including if you: have any of the conditions or symptoms listed in the section "What is the most important information I should know about TREMFYA?"  have an infection that does not go away or that keeps coming back. have TB or have been in close contact with someone with TB. have recently received or are scheduled to receive an immunization (vaccine). You should avoid receiving live vaccines during treatment with TREMFYA. are pregnant or plan to become pregnant. It is not known if TREMFYA can harm your unborn baby. Pregnancy Registry: If you become pregnant during treatment with TREMFYA, talk to your healthcare provider about registering in the pregnancy exposure registry for TREMFYA. You can enroll by visiting www.mothertobaby.org/ongoing-study/tremfya-guselkumab, by calling 1-877-311-8972, or emailing MotherToBaby@health.ucsd.edu. The purpose of this registry is to collect information about the safety of TREMFYA during pregnancy. are breastfeeding or plan to breastfeed. It is not known if TREMFYA passes into your breast milk. Tell your healthcare provider about all the medicines you take, including prescription and over-the-counter medicines, vitamins, and herbal supplements. What are the possible side effects of TREMFYA?  TREMFYA may cause serious side effects. See "What is the most important information I should know about TREMFYA?"  The most common side effects of TREMFYA include: respiratory tract infections, headache, injection site reactions, joint pain (arthralgia), diarrhea, stomach flu (gastroenteritis), fungal skin infections, herpes simplex infections, stomach pain, and bronchitis. These are not all the possible side effects of TREMFYA. Call your doctor for medical advice about side effects. Use TREMFYA® exactly as your healthcare provider tells you to use it. Please read the full Prescribing Information, including Medication Guide, for TREMFYA and discuss any questions that you have with your doctor.  You are encouraged to report negative side effects of prescription drugs to the FDA. Visit www.fda.gov/medwatch, or call 1-800-FDA-1088.  Dosage Forms and Strengths: TREMFYA is available as 100 mg/mL and 200 mg/2mL for subcutaneous injection and as a 200 mg/20 mL (10 mg/mL) single dose vial for intravenous infusion. ABOUT JOHNSON & JOHNSON At Johnson & Johnson, we believe health is everything. Our strength in healthcare innovation empowers us to build a world where complex diseases are prevented, treated, and cured, where treatments are smarter and less invasive, and solutions are personal. Through our expertise in Innovative Medicine and MedTech, we are uniquely positioned to innovate across the full spectrum of healthcare solutions today to deliver the breakthroughs of tomorrow, and profoundly impact health for humanity. Learn more at https://www.jnj.com/ or at www.innovativemedicine.jnj.com Follow us at @JNJInnovMed. Cautions Concerning Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains "forward-looking statements" as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 related to JNJ-4804 and TREMFYA®. The reader is cautioned not to rely on these forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current expectations of future events. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results could vary materially from the expectations and projections of Johnson & Johnson. Risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: challenges and uncertainties inherent in product research and development, including the uncertainty of clinical success and of obtaining regulatory approvals; uncertainty of commercial success; manufacturing difficulties and delays; competition, including technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges to patents; product efficacy or safety concerns resulting in product recalls or regulatory action; changes in behavior and spending patterns of purchasers of health care products and services; changes to applicable laws and regulations, including global health care reforms; and trends toward health care cost containment. A further list and descriptions of these risks, uncertainties and other factors can be found in Johnson & Johnson's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, including in the sections captioned "Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements" and "Item 1A. Risk Factors," and in Johnson & Johnson's subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Copies of these filings are available online at www.sec.gov, www.jnj.com, www.investor.jnj.com or on request from Johnson & Johnson. Johnson & Johnson does not undertake to update any forward-looking statement as a result of new information or future events or developments. References:________________________1 Maria T. Abreu, et al. Efficacy And Safety Of The First Co-Antibody Therapy, Jnj-78934804, In Patients With Moderately To Severely Active Ulcerative Colitis Refractory To Systemic Therapies. (Abstract 1058d) Presented at Digestive Disease Week (DDW) May 2-5, 2026. 2 Sands BE, et al. Efficacy And Safety Of The First Co-Antibody Therapy, Jnj-78934804, In Patients With Moderately To Severely Active Crohn's Disease Refractory To Systemic Therapies. (Abstract 979f) Presented at Digestive Disease Week (DDW) May 2-5, 2026. 3 Chapman C, et al.Real-World Dosing Patterns Of Biologics In Crohn's Disease And Ulcerative Colitis: A Retrospective Observational Study Gastroenterology, 168S12. https://doi.org/10.1053/j.gastro.2025.01.0704 Raine T. et al. ECCO Topical Review: Refractory Inflammatory Bowel Disease, Journal of Crohn's and Colitis, Volume 15, Issue 10, October 2021, Pages 1605–1620, https://doi.org/10.1093/ecco-jcc/jjab1125 Laurent Peyrin-Biroulet, et al. Guselkumab For Perianal Fistulizing Crohn's Disease: Week 24 Results From The Phase 3, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Multicenter Fuzion Study (Abstract 1058b), Presented at Digestive Disease Week (DDW) May 2-5, 2026.6 Panés J, et al. Induction Combination Therapy with Guselkumab and Golimumab Followed by Guselkumab Monotherapy Maintenance: Results of the Phase 2a, Randomized, Double-blind, Proof-of-concept VEGA Study (Abstract OP087). Presented at the United European Gastroenterology (UEG) Week, October 10, 2022.7 Clinicaltrials.gov. A Study of Combination Therapy With Guselkumab and Golimumab in Participants With Moderately to Severely Active Crohn's Disease (DUET-CD). Identifier: NCT05242471. Available at: https://clinicaltrials.gov/study/NCT05242471. 8 Clinicaltrials.gov. A Study of Combination Therapy With Guselkumab and Golimumab in Participants With Moderately to Severely Active Ulcerative Colitis (DUET-UC). Identifier: NCT05242484. Available at: https://clinicaltrials.gov/study/NCT05242484. 9 Crohn's & Colitis Foundation. What is ulcerative colitis? Available at: https://www.crohnscolitisfoundation.org/what-is-ulcerative-colitis. Accessed May 2026.10 Crohn's & Colitis Foundation. Overview of Crohn's disease. Available at: https://www.crohnscolitisfoundation.org/what-is-crohns-disease/overview. Accessed May 2026.11 Ng SC, et al. Worldwide incidence and prevalence of inflammatory bowel disease in the 21st century: a systematic review of population-based studies. The Lancet. 2017;390:2769-78.12 Crohn's & Colitis Foundation. What is Crohn's disease? Available at: https://www.crohnscolitisfoundation.org/what-is-crohns-disease/causes. Accessed February 2026.13 Crohn's & Colitis Foundation. Signs and symptoms of Crohn's disease. Available at https://www.crohnscolitisfoundation.org/patientsandcaregivers/what-is-crohns-disease/symptoms. Accessed February 2026. Media contact:  Investor contact: Craig Stoltz  Jess Margevich cstoltz@its.jnj.com  investor-relations@its.jnj.com View original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/johnson--johnson-investigational-co-antibody-therapy-jnj-4804-shows-potential-to-raise-the-bar-for-clinical-efficacy-in-treating-refractory-inflammatory-bowel-disease-302761831.html Weʼre unable to load stories right now. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
