Title:   3 Cash-Producing Stocks We Keep Off Our Radar
Date:    2026-04-13
URL:     https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/3-cash-producing-stocks-keep-074001683.html?.tsrc=rss
--Article Content--
Oops, something went wrong
While strong cash flow is a key indicator of stability, it doesn’t always translate to superior returns. Some cash-heavy businesses struggle with inefficient spending, slowing demand, or weak competitive positioning.
Cash flow is valuable, but it’s not everything - StockStory helps you identify the companies that truly put it to work. Keeping that in mind, here are three cash-producing companies that don’t make the cut and some better opportunities instead.
Trailing 12-Month Free Cash Flow Margin: 2.3%
Originally selling Japanese Onitsuka Tiger sneakers as Blue Ribbon Sports, Nike (NYSE:NKE) is a global titan in athletic footwear, apparel, equipment, and accessories.
Why Do We Think NKE Will Underperform?
Underwhelming constant currency revenue performance over the past two years suggests its product offering at current prices doesn’t resonate with customers
Free cash flow margin is expected to increase by 1.6 percentage points next year, suggesting the company will have more capital to invest or return to shareholders
Eroding returns on capital from an already low base indicate that management’s recent investments are destroying value
Nike is trading at $42.68 per share, or 26.9x forward P/E.To fully understand why you should be careful with NKE, check out our full research report (it’s free).
Trailing 12-Month Free Cash Flow Margin: 15.5%
Founded by Alexander Graham Bell, AT&T (NYSE:T) is a multinational telecomm conglomerate providing a range of communications and internet services.
Why Should You Dump T?
Sales were flat over the last five years, indicating it’s failed to expand its business
Earnings per share fell by 7.9% annually over the last five years while its revenue was flat, showing each sale was less profitable
Capital intensity will likely ramp up in the next year as its free cash flow margin is expected to contract by 1.4 percentage points
AT&T’s stock price of $26.48 implies a valuation ratio of 11.7x forward P/E.Dive into our free research report to see why there are better opportunities than T.
Trailing 12-Month Free Cash Flow Margin: 14.2%
With a history dating back to 1927 and a presence in over 100 countries worldwide, Zimmer Biomet (NYSE:ZBH) designs and manufactures orthopedic products including knee and hip replacements, surgical tools, and robotic technologies for joint reconstruction and spine surgeries.
Why Is ZBH Not Exciting?
4.5% annual revenue growth over the last five years was slower than its healthcare peers
Estimated sales growth of 3.9% for the next 12 months implies demand will slow from its two-year trend
ROIC of 4.1% reflects management’s challenges in identifying attractive investment opportunities
At $93.50 per share, Zimmer Biomet trades at 11.1x forward P/E.Read our free research report to see why you should think twice about including ZBH in your portfolio, it’s free.
ALSO WORTH WATCHING: Top 5 Momentum Stocks.The best time to own a great stock is when the market is finally noticing it. These aren't just high-quality businesses. Something is happening with them right now. Elite fundamentals meeting near-term momentum — both boxes checked at the same time.
Find out which stocks our AI platform is flagging this week. See this week's Strong Momentum stocks — FREE.Get Our Strong Momentum Stocks for Free HERE.
Stocks that made our list in 2020 include now familiar names such as Nvidia (+1,326% between June 2020 and June 2025) as well as under-the-radar businesses like the once-micro-cap company Kadant (+351% five-year return).Find your next big winner with StockStory today.