Title: Goldman Sachs Raises Price Targets 11% and More on 3 Dividend Blue Chips
Date: 2026-04-07 12:16 UTC
URL: https://247wallst.com/investing/2026/04/07/goldman-sachs-raising-price-targets-11-and-more-on-3-dividend-blue-chips/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Founded in 1869, Goldman Sachs is the world’s second-largest investment bank by revenue and is ranked 32nd on the Fortune 500 list of the largest U.S. corporations by total revenue. The Wall Street white-glove giant offers financing, advisory services, risk distribution, and hedging for the firm’s institutional and corporate clients. In addition, it provides advice, investing, and execution for institutions and individuals across public and private markets.

It is always a good sign when the Goldman Sachs team starts raising price targets on Buy-rated companies. Typically, when a stock has been performing well, and its target price is increased, it usually means that analysts are optimistic about what they see six to 12 months ahead. When we see a target price increase of 11% or more, it’s time to share it with our readers. Here are three that appear to be outstanding ideas for growth and income investors.

Goldman Sachs is the acknowledged leader in the investment landscape on Wall Street and worldwide. The firm’s top-notch research department continues to provide clients with the best ideas across the investment spectrum and is likely to do so for years to come.

AT&T ( NYSE: T | T Price Prediction ) is the world’s fourth-largest telecommunications company, measured by revenue. It continues to undergo a lengthy restructuring process while maintaining a solid dividend of 3.92%. AT&T provides a range of telecommunications, media, and technology services worldwide. Its Communications segment offers wireless voice and data communications services.

The company is continuing a multi-year restructuring into 2026, focusing on becoming a streamlined 5G and fiber connectivity company. Recent efforts include segmenting into Advanced Connectivity and Legacy, shifting to merit-based hiring, and relocating its global headquarters to Plano, Texas, to consolidate operations.

AT&T sells through its company-owned stores, agents, and third-party retail stores:

AT&T also provides:

Additionally, the company provides residential customers with fiber broadband and legacy voice telephony services. It markets its communications services and products under:

The company’s Latin America segment provides wireless services in Mexico and video services throughout the region. This segment markets its services and products under the AT&T and Unefon brands.

The Goldman Sachs price target increased from $30 to $33, which represents a 16.5% gain from current levels.

As the leading U.S. liquefied natural gas (LNG) exporter, with a small 0.76% dividend, Cheniere Energy ( NYSE: LNG ) is positioned to benefit from both domestic AI-driven demand and international energy needs. Natural gas accounts for 43% of U.S. electricity production, and Cheniere’s ability to scale operations quickly makes it a key player. The company’s export capabilities also provide a hedge against fluctuations in the domestic market. Some on Wall Street believe electricity demand growth could increase by as much as 160% by 2030.

Are you ahead, or behind on retirement? SmartAsset's free tool can match you with a financial advisor in minutes to help you answer that today. Each advisor has been carefully vetted, and must act in your best interests. Don't waste another minute; learn more here. (Sponsor)

The company provides clean and secure LNG to integrated energy companies, utilities, and energy trading companies worldwide. The company operates two natural gas liquefaction and export facilities:

Goldman Sachs raised its $276 price target to $312. That would be an 11% gain from current levels.

This financial powerhouse offers investors a 2.05% dividend and solid total return potential, and it will be one of the first to report earnings next week. Citigroup ( NYSE: C ) is a global diversified financial services holding company. Its segments include:

The Services segment includes Treasury and Trade Solutions (TTS) and securities services. TTS provides an integrated suite of tailored cash management, trade, and working capital solutions to multinational corporations, financial institutions, and public sector organizations.

The Markets segment provides corporate, institutional, and public-sector clients worldwide with a full range of sales and trading services across equities, foreign exchange, rates, spread products, and commodities.

The Banking segment includes investment banking, which supports client capital-raising needs to help strengthen and grow their businesses.

The Wealth segment includes Private Bank, Wealth at Work, and Citigold, and provides financial services to a range of client segments. The USPB segment includes branded cards and retail services.

The $123 Goldman Sachs target price is now $137, which signals an 18% gain.

Retirement can be daunting, but it doesn’t need to be. Imagine having an expert in your corner to help you with your financial goals. Someone to help you determine if you’re ahead, behind, or right on track. With SmartAsset, that’s not just a dream—it’s reality. This free tool connects you with pre-screened financial advisors who work in your best interests. It’s quick, it’s easy, so take the leap today and start planning smarter ! Don’t waste another minute; get started right here and help your retirement dreams become a retirement reality. (sponsor)
