Title: This Week In Energy Transition - Europe's Path to Energy Independence by 2050
Date: 2026-04-23 11:37
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/energy/articles/week-energy-transition-europes-path-113727826.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude. 
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
Allbirds' AI pivot shows signs of froth in markets, but experts say the underlying fundamentals in AI remain strong.
Dow leaps 850 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch new records in stunning rally amid US-Iran diplomacy hopes
Stocks climbed at the open and oil fell as Iran said the Strait of Hormuz is 'completely open'
The stock market has notched one of its fastest turnarounds in years
Europe is facing a severe jet fuel shortage, with 'maybe six weeks of jet fuel left'
Stocks rebound after Trump says Israel, Lebanon agreed to ceasefire
S&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq rise, with fresh records in view amid hopes for truce
Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions
S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses
The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company
S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled
Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher
US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI
JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks'
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
A new report by Copenhagen Infrastructure Partners (CIP) has highlighted the potential for Europe to reduce its reliance on imported fossil fuels by up to 80% by 2050, through accelerated electrification and a shift towards renewable energy. The analysis underscores the geopolitical and financial benefits of this transition, as the region currently spends approximately EUR 250 billion annually on fossil fuel imports, which represents about 40% of its energy demand. With the closure of the Strait of Hormuz underscoring the risks of fossil fuel dependence, the report calls for substantial investments in energy infrastructure and highlights the need for legislative support to unlock private capital. Achieving a competitive and resilient energy system demands an estimated annual investment of EUR 210 billion through 2050, which matches the current expenditure on fossil fuels, emphasizing the importance of immediate action to bolster grid infrastructure and enhance system flexibility.
In other trading, GE Vernova was a standout up 13.7% and ending the day at $1,127.56, hovering around its 52-week high. On Wednesday, the company reported significant year-over-year earnings growth with net income rising to $4,745 million for Q1 2026. At the same time, Dian Swastatika Sentosa trailed, down 10.4% to close at IDR2,250.00.
Positioned for margin expansion from electrification and decarbonization demand, explore GE Vernova's growth strategy in detail to make informed investment decisions.
For more on this topic, dive into our Market Insights article, "What’s happening with Renewables & EVs?", which explores recent rebounds in renewable energy stocks driven by AI data center demand. Don't miss it!
Equinor closed at NOK349.60 up 1.4%.
Tesla ended the day at $387.51 up 0.3%. This week, Tesla reported first quarter earnings showing increased revenue and net income compared to the previous year.
Chevron settled at $186.32 up 0.2%.
Jump into our full catalog of 195 Energy Transition Stocks, which includes Balfour Beatty, Evergy and BIG Shopping Centers, here.
Seeking Other Investments? The end of cancer? These 31 emerging AI stocks are developing tech that will allow early identification of life changing diseases like cancer and Alzheimer's.
This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock, and does not take account of your objectives, or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.
Sources:
Simply Wall St
"New report from Copenhagen Infrastructure Partners: Electrification could cut Europe’s fossil fuel imports 80% by 2050" from Copenhagen Infrastructure Partners on GlobeNewswire (published 23 April 2026)
Companies discussed in this article include NYSE:GEV OB:EQNR NasdaqGS:TSLA NYSE:CVX and IDX:DSSA.
This article was originally published by Simply Wall St.
Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively, email editorial-team@simplywallst.com
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio