Title: 3 Dividend Stocks To Consider Yielding Over 3.2%
Date: 2026-04-23 11:32
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/3-dividend-stocks-consider-yielding-113207636.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude. 
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
Allbirds' AI pivot shows signs of froth in markets, but experts say the underlying fundamentals in AI remain strong.
Dow leaps 850 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch new records in stunning rally amid US-Iran diplomacy hopes
Stocks climbed at the open and oil fell as Iran said the Strait of Hormuz is 'completely open'
The stock market has notched one of its fastest turnarounds in years
Europe is facing a severe jet fuel shortage, with 'maybe six weeks of jet fuel left'
Stocks rebound after Trump says Israel, Lebanon agreed to ceasefire
S&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq rise, with fresh records in view amid hopes for truce
Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions
S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses
The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company
S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled
Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher
US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI
JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks'
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
The market has climbed 1.7% in the last 7 days and is up 34% over the past 12 months, with earnings forecast to grow by 16% annually. In this thriving environment, dividend stocks yielding over 3.2% can offer investors a combination of income and potential capital appreciation, making them an attractive consideration for those seeking stability and growth.
Name
Dividend Yield
Dividend Rating
Provident Financial Services (PFS)
4.27%
★★★★★★
PCB Bancorp (PCB)
3.67%
★★★★★☆
OTC Markets Group (OTCM)
5.44%
★★★★★★
Omega Healthcare Investors (OHI)
5.95%
★★★★★★
First Interstate BancSystem (FIBK)
5.45%
★★★★★★
First Community Bankshares (FCBC)
5.25%
★★★★★★
Ennis (EBF)
4.92%
★★★★★★
Donegal Group (DGIC.A)
4.43%
★★★★★★
Dillard's (DDS)
5.12%
★★★★★★
Columbia Banking System (COLB)
5.10%
★★★★★★
Click here to see the full list of 108 stocks from our Top US Dividend Stocks screener.
Let's take a closer look at a couple of our picks from the screened companies.
Simply Wall St Dividend Rating: ★★★★☆☆
Overview: Flexsteel Industries, Inc. manufactures, distributes, imports, and markets residential furniture products in the United States with a market cap of $267.49 million.
Operations: Flexsteel Industries, Inc. generates revenue of $458.42 million from its furniture products segment in the United States.
Dividend Yield: 3.2%
Flexsteel Industries recently reported a significant improvement in earnings, with net income reaching US$6.45 million for Q3 2026 compared to a loss the previous year. Despite its volatile dividend history, Flexsteel maintains a low payout ratio of 10.3%, indicating dividends are well-covered by earnings and cash flows. However, its dividend yield of 3.22% is below top-tier levels in the U.S., and future earnings growth is expected to decline by an average of 6.6% annually over three years.
Click here and access our complete dividend analysis report to understand the dynamics of Flexsteel Industries.
Our valuation report unveils the possibility Flexsteel Industries' shares may be trading at a discount.
Simply Wall St Dividend Rating: ★★★★☆☆
Overview: Riley Exploration Permian, Inc. is an independent oil and natural gas company focused on the acquisition, exploration, development, and production of oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquids in Texas and New Mexico with a market cap of $756.41 million.
Operations: The company's revenue is primarily derived from its oil and gas exploration and production activities, amounting to $391.98 million.
Dividend Yield: 4.4%
Riley Exploration Permian's dividend strategy is supported by strong financials, with a low payout ratio of 20.5% and a cash payout ratio of 42.1%, ensuring dividends are well-covered by earnings and cash flows. Although the company has only paid dividends for five years, these payments have been stable and growing. Recently, the board approved a US$0.40 per share dividend payable in May 2026, reflecting confidence in its financial health despite large one-off items impacting results.
Dive into the specifics of Riley Exploration Permian here with our thorough dividend report.
According our valuation report, there's an indication that Riley Exploration Permian's share price might be on the cheaper side.
Simply Wall St Dividend Rating: ★★★★☆☆
Overview: Chevron Corporation operates through its subsidiaries in integrated energy and chemicals sectors both in the United States and internationally, with a market cap of approximately $370.45 billion.
Operations: Chevron Corporation's revenue segments include $43.33 billion from International Upstream, $45.95 billion from United States Upstream, $69.94 billion from International Downstream, and $72.62 billion from United States Downstream operations.
Dividend Yield: 3.8%
Chevron has consistently increased its dividend over the past decade, but its current 3.82% yield is below the top quartile of US dividend payers. Despite a high payout ratio of 102.8%, dividends are covered by cash flow with an 85.5% cash payout ratio, indicating some sustainability concerns if earnings don't improve. Recent developments include an oil discovery in the Gulf of America and shareholder activism regarding governance and human rights practices, which could impact future strategic directions.
Unlock comprehensive insights into our analysis of Chevron stock in this dividend report.
The analysis detailed in our Chevron valuation report hints at an deflated share price compared to its estimated value.
Delve into our full catalog of 108 Top US Dividend Stocks here.
Are these companies part of your investment strategy? Use Simply Wall St to consolidate your holdings into a portfolio and gain insights with our comprehensive analysis tools.
Maximize your investment potential with Simply Wall St, the comprehensive app that offers global market insights for free.
Explore high-performing small cap companies that haven't yet garnered significant analyst attention.
Fuel your portfolio with companies showing strong growth potential, backed by optimistic outlooks both from analysts and management.
Find companies with promising cash flow potential yet trading below their fair value.
 This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock, and does not take account of your objectives, or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.
Companies discussed in this article include FLXS REPX and CVX.
This article was originally published by Simply Wall St.
Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively, email editorial-team@simplywallst.com
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio