Title: Kinder Morgan's Q1 Earnings Beat on Natural Gas Pipeline Strength
Date: 2026-04-23 13:40
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/energy/articles/kinder-morgans-q1-earnings-beat-134000543.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude. 
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
Allbirds' AI pivot shows signs of froth in markets, but experts say the underlying fundamentals in AI remain strong.
Dow leaps 850 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch new records in stunning rally amid US-Iran diplomacy hopes
Stocks climbed at the open and oil fell as Iran said the Strait of Hormuz is 'completely open'
The stock market has notched one of its fastest turnarounds in years
Europe is facing a severe jet fuel shortage, with 'maybe six weeks of jet fuel left'
Stocks rebound after Trump says Israel, Lebanon agreed to ceasefire
S&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq rise, with fresh records in view amid hopes for truce
Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions
S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses
The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company
S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled
Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher
US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI
JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks'
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Kinder Morgan Inc. KMI reported first-quarter 2026 adjusted earnings per share (EPS) of 48 cents, which beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 38 cents. The bottom line increased year over year from 34 cents.
Total quarterly revenues of $4.83 billion beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $4.65 billion. The top line also increased from $4.24 billion in the prior-year quarter.
The strong quarterly results can be primarily attributed to contributions from the Natural Gas Pipelines business segment.
Kinder Morgan, Inc. price-consensus-eps-surprise-chart | Kinder Morgan, Inc. Quote
Natural Gas Pipelines: In the March-ended quarter, adjusted earnings before depreciation, depletion and amortization expenses (EBDA) jumped to $1.80 billion from $1.53 billion a year ago. The segment achieved record financial results in the first quarter, primarily driven by higher contributions from the Texas Intrastate system due to cold weather as well as from the Tennessee Gas Pipeline. Natural gas transport volumes, natural gas sales volumes and gathering volumes were also higher compared with the first quarter of 2025.
Product Pipelines: The segment’s EBDA in the first quarter of 2026 was $325 million, an increase from $274 million recorded a year ago. The increase can be attributed to higher transport benefiting the transmix business, recovery of retroactive rate increases after a favorable court ruling and the recovery from a previous turnaround at the condensate processing facility.
Terminals:  Kinder Morgan generated a quarterly EBDA of $330 million from the segment, higher than the $275 million reported in the year-ago period. Liquids utilization was 93.5% in the quarter, lower than 94.3% in the prior-year quarter. The segment was aided by the liquids terminals business, supported by increased rates and ancillary fees at the Houston Ship Channel hub, early termination payments from storage agreements and increased earnings from fully contracted bulk terminals and Jones Act tankers.
CO2: The segment’s EBDA was $189 million, up from the year-ago quarter’s $182 million.
Expenses related to operations and maintenance remained flat year over year at $711 million. However, the total operating costs, expenses and other expenditures increased to $3.38 billion from $3.10 billion.
KMI’s project backlog was reported at $10.1 billion by the end of the first quarter. The midstream energy major added that natural gas projects comprise approximately 92% of its project backlog, with nearly 60% dedicated to supporting local distribution companies and power generation.
As of March 31, 2026, KMI reported $72 million in cash and cash equivalents. At the quarter's end, its long-term debt amounted to $29.72 billion.
For this year, the midstream player projected net income attributable to KMI at $3.1 billion and estimated adjusted EPS at $1.36 per share. The company also expects the budgeted adjusted EBITDA for 2026 to be $8.6 billion. Kinder Morgan, currently carrying a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy), anticipates ending 2026 with its net debt-to-adjusted EBITDA at 3.8X
Some other top-ranked stocks from the energy sector are Chevron Corporation CVX, Equinor ASA EQNR and Antero Midstream Corporation AM. CVX and EQNR each sport a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), while AM has a Zacks Rank #2 at present. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks Rank #1 stocks here.
Chevron is a leading integrated energy giant involved in all aspects of the oil and gas industry, including exploration, production, refining and marketing. In the United States, Chevron maintains a significant presence in the Permian Basin, with more than 1.75 million net acres in the Delaware and Midland sub-basins. Favorable oil prices in the March-ended quarter, with the U.S. Energy Information Administration (“EIA”) reporting Cushing, OK WTI spot prices of $60.04, $64.51 and $91.38 per barrel for January, February and March 2026, respectively, are likely to boost CVX’s overall performance. CVX is set to release first-quarter 2026 earnings on May 1, 2026.
Equinor is a Norway-based integrated energy giant boasting a resilient business, spanning oil and gas exploration and production, midstream marketing and processing for crude oil, gas and refined products. Similarly, with a favorable oil pricing environment in the March-ended quarter, EQNR is likely to bolster overall performance by the end of the quarter. EQNR is set to release first-quarter 2026 earnings on May 6, 2026.
Antero Midstreamis a Denver-based midstream company that owns and operates gathering pipelines, compression facilities, and integrated water handling systems, primarily serving Antero Resources in the Appalachian Basin. AM provides fee-based gathering and processing services under long-term contracts, focusing on developing infrastructure to support natural gas and liquids production, which is likely to generate stable revenues in the March quarter. AM is set to release first-quarter 2026 earnings on April 29, 2026.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Chevron Corporation (CVX) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Antero Midstream Corporation (AM) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Kinder Morgan, Inc. (KMI) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Equinor ASA (EQNR) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio