Title: RRC Q1 Earnings Surpass Estimates on Higher Price Realizations
Date: 2026-04-22 15:20
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/energy/articles/rrc-q1-earnings-surpass-estimates-152000235.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude. 
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
Allbirds' AI pivot shows signs of froth in markets, but experts say the underlying fundamentals in AI remain strong.
Dow leaps 850 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch new records in stunning rally amid US-Iran diplomacy hopes
Stocks climbed at the open and oil fell as Iran said the Strait of Hormuz is 'completely open'
The stock market has notched one of its fastest turnarounds in years
Europe is facing a severe jet fuel shortage, with 'maybe six weeks of jet fuel left'
Stocks rebound after Trump says Israel, Lebanon agreed to ceasefire
S&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq rise, with fresh records in view amid hopes for truce
Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions
S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses
The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company
S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled
Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher
US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI
JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks'
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Range Resources Corporation RRC reported first-quarter 2026 adjusted earnings of $1.52 per share, which beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $1.33. The bottom line also improved from the prior-year level of 96 cents.
Total quarterly revenues of $1,018.3 million topped the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $919.3 million. The top line increased from the prior-year figure of $854 million.
Strong quarterly results can be attributed to higher gas-equivalent production and increased natural gas price realization.
Range Resources Corporation price-consensus-eps-surprise-chart | Range Resources Corporation Quote
Production averaged 2,207.4 million cubic feet equivalent per day (MMcfe/d), higher than the year-ago quarter’s 2,200.3 MMcfe/d. The figure came in lower than our projection of 2,233.7 MMcfe/d. Natural gas contributed 68% to the company’s total production, while NGLs and oil accounted for the rest.
Natural gas production remained flat year over year. Oil production increased 75%, while NGL output declined 2% over the same time frame.
Total price realization (excluding derivative settlements and before third-party transportation costs) averaged $5.09 per Mcfe, up 27% year over year. Price realization exceeded our estimate of $4.48 per Mcfe. Natural gas price increased 43% on a year-over-year basis to $5.18 per Mcf. NGL price declined 4%, while oil price rose 4%.
Total costs and expenses increased 3% year over year to $601 million. The reported figure topped our projection of $571.3 million. Transportation, gathering, processing and compression costs, which constitute a significant part of the total costs, increased to $323.3 million from $306.1 million in the prior-year quarter.
Drilling and completion expenditure totaled $130 million. An additional $5 million was spent on acreage and $4 million on infrastructure and other investments.
At the end of the first quarter, Range Resources reported a total debt of $819.3 million, net of deferred financing costs.
RRC expects the total production for 2026 to be in the range of 2.35-2.40 billion cubic feet equivalent per day (Bcfe/d), of which more than 30% is expected to come from liquid production. The company updated its capital budget for the year to be in the range of $650-$700 million.
Currently, Range Resources carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold).
Some better-ranked stocks from the energy sector are Chevron Corporation CVX, BP p.l.c. BP and Antero Resources Corporation AR. CVX and BP each sport a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), while AR has a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy) at present. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks Rank #1 stocks here.
Chevron is a leading integrated energy giant involved in all aspects of the oil and gas industry, including exploration, production, refining and marketing. As one of the world's largest integrated energy firms, it operates globally with assets in North America, Kazakhstan, Australia, Nigeria and many other countries.
In the United States, CVX maintains a significant presence in the Permian Basin, with more than 1.75 million net acres in the Delaware and Midland sub-basins. With a sustained demand for oil and gas in the future, Chevron is positioning itself as a key provider by expanding its oil and gas supply to fulfill the increased global energy needs. CVX is set to release first-quarter 2026 earnings on May 1, 2026.
BP is an energy giant that operates globally in oil and gas exploration, extraction, refining and marketing. BP generates a significant portion of revenues from its upstream operations. Alongside its core hydrocarbon business, BP is also focusing on lower-carbon energy, including biofuels, electric vehicle charging, hydrogen and renewable power. BP is set to release first-quarter 2026 earnings on April 28, 2026.
Headquartered in Denver, CO, Antero Resources is an independent energy company focused on producing natural gas and natural gas liquids (NGLs) in the Appalachian Basin. AR utilizes horizontal drilling and hydraulic fracturing to develop its extensive 537,000 acreage in the Appalachian Basin, primarily in West Virginia and Ohio. Strong natural gas demand driven by liquified natural gas exports and power consumption is expected to benefit AR as it stands as a major U.S. natural gas producer. AR is set to release first-quarter 2026 earnings on April 29, 2026.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
BP p.l.c. (BP) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Chevron Corporation (CVX) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Range Resources Corporation (RRC) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Antero Resources Corporation (AR) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio