Title: CONMED Corporation Appoints Celine Martin and Jeff Mirviss to its Board of Directors
Date: 2026-05-20 12:30
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/healthcare/articles/conmed-corporation-appoints-celine-martin-123000074.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results The Trump administration plans to invest $2 billion in quantum computing, expanding its broader push into strategic industries The Dow clinched a record high as stocks rebounded on optimism for a US-Iran peace deal US stocks turned higher as oil prices fell on hopes of a US-Iran peace deal Quantum stocks jump as Trump administration doles out $2 billion in exchange for equity US stocks fell as oil prices rose amid doubts about US-Iran peace talks The bond market's signal to the Fed: Interest rates should be higher SpaceX files IPO prospectus, offering a rare look at the company's finances Nvidia beats earnings estimates, gives upbeat outlook on strong chip sales The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq rallied as oil fell and Nvidia earnings were on deck The ChatGPT maker is reportedly preparing to file for an IPO in the coming weeks, with plans to go public as early as September Oil plunges as Trump says US in 'final stages' of Iran deal After an unsteady start, stocks gained as oil prices fell and a bond sell-off paused S&P 500, Nasdaq rise in countdown to Nvidia results The chip giant is set to report results Wednesday as its stock climbs higher and rivals close in. Here's what to expect. The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq fell as bond yields surged amid rate hike concerns Google unveils biggest update to Search in 25 years, including AI agents Trump traded over $50 million in Big Tech stocks last quarter, selling Tesla and buying more Apple, new ethics disclosure shows US stocks slid at the open as bond yields rose and tech stocks extended their retreat AI is likely to concentrate power among corporate giants and leave everyone else further behind, Goldman Sachs says The S&P 500 and Nasdaq slipped as chip stocks fell and investors weighed inflation fears Elon Musk loses trial against OpenAI There are 3 issues that appear little changed after Trump's China summit US stocks rise as yields climb amid inflation worries America's CEOs call out where food prices are rising The housing market is starting to look K-shaped, too Anthropic's shadow IPO market is already flashing trillion-dollar prices Investors eye Nvidia, bond yields, and the next commodity supercycle Wall Street sees bubble-like euphoria in AI-fueled semiconductor rally Should you buy Series I bonds as inflation heats up again? Travel is still on, but rising costs reshape summer vacation plans Executives are blaming layoffs on AI, but research shows AI is 'not the main driver' of US labor slowdown. Intel announces a multiyear partnership deal with McLaren's F1 racing team Here are the most anticipated IPOs in 2026 History's weirdest bubbles have a message for the AI trade Kevin Warsh is set to take over leading the Fed amid one of the most dynamic economic backdrops in modern history Trump’s 'insane amount of trades' astonish Wall Street insiders (Bloomberg) SpaceX accelerates IPO timeline, targets market debut as early as June 12 (Reuters) The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq sank as US bond yields jumped to end a volatile week on a downbeat note The 30-year Treasury yield just broke to its highest level in almost 20 years Nasdaq leads dive in US stocks, with yields jumping amid inflation jitters Cerebras soared on its market debut. Here's how the company plans to take on Nvidia with a new approach to chip technology. Stocks gained, with the Dow closing above 50,000 and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq notching fresh records Cerebras stock surged 100% within minutes of trading in what is expected to be 2026's biggest IPO The Dow retook 50,000 and the S&P 500 topped 7,500 as the AI trade lifted stocks US stocks rise as Nvidia jumps, Trump-Xi summit kicks off Xi Jinping tells US CEOs that 'China's door will only open wider' Micron wiped out roughly $100 billion in market value at Tuesday’s low — and chip bulls still bought the dip Tech stocks led the S&P 500 and Nasdaq to record highs, while the Dow slipped The US Senate confirmed Kevin Warsh as the new chairman of the Federal Reserve with a final vote of 54-45 The 10-year Treasury yield hovered just below 4.5% after hot inflation data, raising concerns stocks could come under pressure LARGO, Fla., May 20, 2026--(BUSINESS WIRE)--CONMED Corporation (NYSE: CNMD)today announced the appointment of Celine Martin and Jeff Mirviss to its Board of Directors ("Board"), effective July 1, 2026. Ms. Martin will serve as a member of the Audit Committee and the Strategy Committee, and Mr. Mirviss will serve as a member of the Compensation Committee and the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee. In connection with these appointments, CONMED is increasing the size of its Board to include a total of nine directors. "My fellow directors and I are delighted to welcome Celine Martin and Jeff Mirviss to the Board, both highly accomplished leaders with extensive experience developed at two of the largest companies in the healthcare industry," said LaVerne Council, Chair of CONMED’s Board of Directors. "Celine joins our Board following a 30-year career at Johnson & Johnson, with deep global leadership experience in MedTech and a track record of driving innovation and growth. Likewise, Jeff possesses nearly 30 years of experience at Boston Scientific, where he led complex, global medical device businesses with operational and commercial excellence. Their insight and expertise will be invaluable to the Board as we advance CONMED’s long‑term strategy." "Celine and Jeff are outstanding additions to the Board," said Patrick Beyer, President and Chief Executive Officer of CONMED. "Celine’s global strategic leadership and experience scaling high growth medical technology businesses, combined with Jeff’s expertise in portfolio leadership and execution across large, global organizations, will strengthen our governance and support our continued focus on delivering long‑term value for patients, customers, and shareholders." Over three decades at Johnson & Johnson, both in the U.S. and internationally, Ms. Martin played a vital role in advancing the ambition of J&J MedTech, developing new categories and advancing standard of care for atrial fibrillation, stroke, and minimally invasive surgery. Most recently, she served as Company Group Chairman leading the Cardiovascular & Specialty Solutions ("CSS") Group from 2022 to 2025. As a member of the J&J MedTech leadership team, she ran a diverse portfolio of high growth businesses including Electrophysiology, Neurovascular Intervention, Ear Nose and Throat, and Breast Aesthetics. Before that, Ms. Martin led the Ethicon Endo Surgery business where she was instrumental in establishing the Robotic and Digital Surgery portfolio foundations. Ms. Martin holds an MBA from Wake Forest University and a graduate degree in marketing from Normandy Business School. Ms. Martin also serves on the Board of Directors at H.B. Fuller. Mr. Mirviss brings more than 35 years of healthcare industry leadership experience. Most recently, he served as Executive Vice President and Global President of Peripheral Interventions at Boston Scientific from 2020 to 2025, where he led a multi-billion dollar global business focused on therapies for vascular disease and cancer. In this role, he also had leadership responsibility for the Company’s Latin America and Canada regions, as well as its Government Affairs function. Previously, Mr. Mirviss served as Senior Vice President and Global President of Peripheral Interventions from 2013 to 2020, and as Global President of Peripheral Interventions from 2011 to 2013. Prior to these roles, Mr. Mirviss held positions of increasing responsibility at Boston Scientific, including Group Vice President of Global Marketing for the Company’s Cardiology, Rhythm and Vascular businesses. Mr. Mirviss holds a B.I.S. in Marketing from the University of Minnesota and an MBA from the University of St. Thomas. About CONMED Corporation CONMED is a medical technology company that provides devices and equipment for surgical procedures. The Company’s products are used by surgeons and other healthcare professionals in a variety of specialties including orthopedics, general surgery, gynecology, and thoracic surgery. For more information, visitwww.conmed.com. Forward-Looking Statements This press release may contain forward-looking statements based on certain assumptions and contingencies that involve risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results, performance, or trends to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements herein or in previous disclosures. For example, in addition to general industry and economic conditions, factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements may include, but are not limited to the risk factors discussed in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the full year ended December 31, 2025, listed under the heading Forward-Looking Statements in the Company’s most recently filed Form 10-Q and other risks and uncertainties, which may be detailed from time to time in reports filed by CONMED with the SEC. Any and all forward-looking statements are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and relate to the Company’s performance on a going-forward basis. The Company believes that all forward-looking statements made by it have a reasonable basis, but there can be no assurance that management’s expectations, beliefs or projections as expressed in the forward-looking statements will actually occur or prove to be correct. View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20260520757365/en/ Contacts CONMED CorporationDalton HenryInvestor Relations AnalystIR@conmed.com Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
