Title: BAYRY's Kerendia Label Expansion Application Gets Priority Review
Date: 2026-05-21 17:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/healthcare/articles/bayrys-kerendia-label-expansion-application-170000821.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results The Trump administration plans to invest $2 billion in quantum computing, expanding its broader push into strategic industries The Dow clinched a record high as stocks rebounded on optimism for a US-Iran peace deal US stocks turned higher as oil prices fell on hopes of a US-Iran peace deal Quantum stocks jump as Trump administration doles out $2 billion in exchange for equity US stocks fell as oil prices rose amid doubts about US-Iran peace talks The bond market's signal to the Fed: Interest rates should be higher SpaceX files IPO prospectus, offering a rare look at the company's finances Nvidia beats earnings estimates, gives upbeat outlook on strong chip sales The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq rallied as oil fell and Nvidia earnings were on deck The ChatGPT maker is reportedly preparing to file for an IPO in the coming weeks, with plans to go public as early as September Oil plunges as Trump says US in 'final stages' of Iran deal After an unsteady start, stocks gained as oil prices fell and a bond sell-off paused S&P 500, Nasdaq rise in countdown to Nvidia results The chip giant is set to report results Wednesday as its stock climbs higher and rivals close in. Here's what to expect. The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq fell as bond yields surged amid rate hike concerns Google unveils biggest update to Search in 25 years, including AI agents Trump traded over $50 million in Big Tech stocks last quarter, selling Tesla and buying more Apple, new ethics disclosure shows US stocks slid at the open as bond yields rose and tech stocks extended their retreat AI is likely to concentrate power among corporate giants and leave everyone else further behind, Goldman Sachs says The S&P 500 and Nasdaq slipped as chip stocks fell and investors weighed inflation fears Elon Musk loses trial against OpenAI There are 3 issues that appear little changed after Trump's China summit US stocks rise as yields climb amid inflation worries America's CEOs call out where food prices are rising The housing market is starting to look K-shaped, too Anthropic's shadow IPO market is already flashing trillion-dollar prices Investors eye Nvidia, bond yields, and the next commodity supercycle Wall Street sees bubble-like euphoria in AI-fueled semiconductor rally Should you buy Series I bonds as inflation heats up again? Travel is still on, but rising costs reshape summer vacation plans Executives are blaming layoffs on AI, but research shows AI is 'not the main driver' of US labor slowdown. Intel announces a multiyear partnership deal with McLaren's F1 racing team Here are the most anticipated IPOs in 2026 History's weirdest bubbles have a message for the AI trade Kevin Warsh is set to take over leading the Fed amid one of the most dynamic economic backdrops in modern history Trump’s 'insane amount of trades' astonish Wall Street insiders (Bloomberg) SpaceX accelerates IPO timeline, targets market debut as early as June 12 (Reuters) The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq sank as US bond yields jumped to end a volatile week on a downbeat note The 30-year Treasury yield just broke to its highest level in almost 20 years Nasdaq leads dive in US stocks, with yields jumping amid inflation jitters Cerebras soared on its market debut. Here's how the company plans to take on Nvidia with a new approach to chip technology. Stocks gained, with the Dow closing above 50,000 and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq notching fresh records Cerebras stock surged 100% within minutes of trading in what is expected to be 2026's biggest IPO The Dow retook 50,000 and the S&P 500 topped 7,500 as the AI trade lifted stocks US stocks rise as Nvidia jumps, Trump-Xi summit kicks off Xi Jinping tells US CEOs that 'China's door will only open wider' Micron wiped out roughly $100 billion in market value at Tuesday’s low — and chip bulls still bought the dip Tech stocks led the S&P 500 and Nasdaq to record highs, while the Dow slipped The US Senate confirmed Kevin Warsh as the new chairman of the Federal Reserve with a final vote of 54-45 The 10-year Treasury yield hovered just below 4.5% after hot inflation data, raising concerns stocks could come under pressure Bayer AGBAYRY announced that the FDA has accepted the company’s supplemental new drug application (sNDA) seeking label expansion of Kerendia (finerenone) for the treatment of chronic kidney disease (CKD) associated with type I diabetes (T1D). The regulatory body granted Priority Review designation to the sNDA. The FDA grants Priority Review to drugs that could significantly improve the treatment, diagnosis, or prevention of serious conditions versus existing therapies. The designation shortens the FDA review timeline for a new drug application to about six months, compared with the standard 10-month review period. Finerenone is a selective, non-steroidal mineralocorticoid receptor antagonist designed to block the harmful effects of MR overactivation. The latest filing is backed by positive phase III FINE-ONE study results, which were published in the New England Journal of Medicine in March 2026. Study results showed that finerenone, added to standard of care, significantly reduced urine albumin-to-creatinine ratio (UACR) by 25% from baseline over six months compared with placebo in adults with CKD associated with type I diabetes. UACR is a key marker of kidney damage and cardiovascular risk in diabetes-related CKD, with lower levels linked to improved kidney and heart outcomes. Earlier phase III studies in CKD associated with type II diabetes — FIDELIO-DKD and FIGARO-DKD — showed that finerenone-driven UACR reductions were strongly associated with delayed kidney disease progression, lower risk of kidney failure and fewer cardiovascular events. We remind investors that finerenone is marketed as Kerendia, or Firialta in select countries, for adults with CKD linked to type II diabetes, with approvals in more than 100 countries, including the United States, Europe, China and Japan. The drug has been approved in the United States since July 2025 for heart failure with LVEF ≥40% following Priority Review designation. The drug has also secured approvals in the EU, Japan, and other markets, while additional applications, including in China, remain under review. Kerendia generated sales of €274 million in the first quarter, up 70% year over year fueled by a substantial rise in volumes in the United States and China. Additional label expansions of the drug will further boost sales. Bayer’s recent turnaround has been phenomenal and it is now looking to expand its diverse portfolio. Shares of Bayer have surged 63.9% over the past year compared with the industry’s gain of 24.5%. Image Source: Zacks Investment Research The strong performance of Nubeqa and Kerendia has enabled the company to combat the decline in sales of oral anticoagulant Xarelto, which is co-developed withJohnson & JohnsonJNJ. Xarelto is marketed by Johnson & Johnson in the United States. Bayer earns license revenues from JNJ for Xarelto sales in the United States. Another key drug, Eylea, continues to face pressure from generics. The introduction of Eylea 8 mg, with its extended dosing intervals, has partially offset the decline and supported overall performance. Please note that Bayer’s HealthCare unit co-develops Eylea withRegeneronREGN, which records net product sales of Eylea in the United States. BAYRY records net product sales of Eylea outside the country. REGN records its share of profits and losses from Eylea sales outside the United States. Bayer’s portfolio is anchored by five major assets: asundexian, Nubeqa (prostate cancer), Kerendia, Beyonttra and Lynkuet (a dual NK1/NK3 antagonist approved for menopause-related vasomotor symptoms). Asundexian, an investigational, once daily, oral Factor XIa inhibitor, is being evaluated as a potential treatment for secondary stroke prevention. Bayer recently announced that the FDA and Japan’s Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare have accepted new drug applications for its investigational Factor XIa inhibitor, asundexian, to prevent ischemic stroke following non-cardioembolic ischemic stroke or transient ischemic attack. The FDA has granted Priority Review to sevabertinib for the first-line treatment of adults with locally advanced or metastatic non-small cell lung cancer harboring HER2 (ERBB2) tyrosine kinase domain activating mutations. Bayer currently carries a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (REGN) : Free Stock Analysis Report Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) : Free Stock Analysis Report Bayer Aktiengesellschaft (BAYRY) : Free Stock Analysis Report This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com). Zacks Investment Research Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
