Title: Northbeam Launches Northbeam Incrementality, Setting a New Standard for Advertising Measurement
Date: 2026-04-07 12:00 UTC
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/technology/articles/northbeam-launches-northbeam-incrementality-setting-120000956.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
New product eliminates manual testing and delivers reliable, actionable insights, starting with Meta channel-level experiments

SAN FRANCISCO, April 07, 2026 --( BUSINESS WIRE )--Northbeam, the leader in marketing attribution, today announced the launch of Northbeam Incrementality , a fully automated solution designed to make incrementality testing faster, more reliable, and accessible to a broader range of advertisers.

Incrementality has long been considered a key way to measure the effectiveness of advertising spend. In practice, however, incrementality has been difficult and costly to operationalize; requiring manual setup, and many stakeholders to run a single experiment. At the same time, marketers have been forced to rely on expensive and disconnected tools across attribution, modeling, and experimentation, making it difficult to have a single view into performance. Even worse, incrementality test providers often run failed tests due to insufficient power or human error.

Northbeam Incrementality has fundamentally overhauled the incrementality process by automating this entire process end-to-end. It operationalizes incrementality into a unified measurement system alongside Multi-touch Attribution (MTA) and Media Mix Modeling (MMM+), resulting in our unique trifecta approach.

"Incrementality can be powerful, but it’s been too slow, fragile and costly to use consistently and effectively," said Northbeam CEO Austin Harrison. "We built Northbeam Incrementality to change that, and for the first time, teams can operate from a single shared reality, while never running a bad test or making decisions based on incomplete or misleading data."

Unlike traditional approaches that rely on rigid, macro-level testing frameworks, Northbeam Incrementality uses granular first-party data from its MTA system to design and run experiments tailored to each business. By incorporating business-specific factors such as conversion lag, customer behavior, and purchase patterns, Northbeam Incrementality creates better balanced test and control groups while reducing bias. This connection between attribution data and experimentation ensures that every test provides important information on how a business’ advertising actually acquires customers.

Northbeam Incrementality also continuously monitors experiments in real time, detecting issues such as spend anomalies or external disruptions and proactively corrects them. This important capability ensures that tests stay on track and produce usable results, reinforcing the reliability of incrementality as a core input into the company’s decisions on advertising spend.

Instead of static reports, Northbeam Incrementality delivers clear, actionable insights directly within the platform. Results are automatically integrated back into Northbeam’s measurement system, connecting MTA, MMM+, and incrementality into a unified, closed-loop framework. These three pillars form a complete measurement trifecta, aligning daily optimization with long-term planning and real-world performance for customers like Carpe, a personal care company that specializes in dermatologist-recommended antiperspirant products and was part of Northbeam’s successful Beta testing.

"The level of detail and precision in the incrementality test really stood out. It’s rare to see analytics done this well," said Justin Cruz, Carpe’s Vice President of Growth. "Beyond validating our assumptions, it gave us clear, actionable insights to optimize spend and make more confident decisions moving forward."

The initial release of Northbeam Incrementality , available April 7th, includes Meta channel-level testing in the United States, with additional channels, tactics, and international capabilities planned throughout 2026.

With this launch, Northbeam is transforming incrementality from a rare, high-touch experimental process into a reliable, always-on foundation that every growth team can trust. By bringing together MTA, MMM+, and Northbeam Incrementality into a single system, Northbeam enables marketers to move from fragmented measurement to a single shared reality for advertising performance across channels. The result is faster decisions, greater confidence, and a clearer path from data to growth in sales and profitability.

View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20260407939509/en/

Contacts

Media Contact: Press@northbeam.io
