Title: Meta Platforms (META) Slid on Investors’ Concerns on Increased Spending on AI Infrastructure and Workers
Date: 2026-04-07 14:46 UTC
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/meta-platforms-meta-slid-investors-144601889.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Harding Loevner , an asset management company, released its “Global Equity Strategy” fourth-quarter 2025 investor letter. A copy of the letter can be downloaded here . For most of the past 15 years, US equities not only outperformed but created a perception of inevitability around their outperformance. This phenomenon, termed "US exceptionalism," highlighted exceptional earnings growth, valuations, and a concentration of returns, particularly around AI investments. With market leadership concentrated, the US index is vulnerable to limited outcomes. In contrast, the portfolio consists of a broader range of business models and growth opportunities at attractive valuations. While AI may disrupt industries, core principles of competitive advantage and long-term profitability still apply. In the fourth quarter, the Global Equity composite rose 2.0% gross of fees, underperforming the MSCI ACWI Index’s 3.4% gain. For the year, the composite advanced 13.2%, trailing the index's 22.9% gain. In addition, please check the Strategy’s top five holdings to know its best picks in 2025.

In its fourth-quarter 2025 investor letter, Harding Loevner Global Equity Strategy highlighted stocks like Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ: META ). Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META), the parent company of dominant social media platforms, is a multinational technology company that develops products to connect people. On April 6, 2026, Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) stock closed at $573.02 per share. One-month return of Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) was -12.39%, and its shares gained 13.82% of their value over the last 52 weeks. Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) has a market capitalization of $1.45 trillion.

Harding Loevner Global Equity Strategy stated the following regarding Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) in its fourth quarter 2025 investor letter:

" Meta Platforms, Inc.'s (NASDAQ:META) business remained sturdy, markets began questioning whether AI-enabled gains in user engagement and ad targeting are nearing their limits. Investors also grew concerned that margins would decrease next year because of increased spending on AI infrastructure and workers."

Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) holds 5th position on our list of 40 Most Popular Stocks Among Hedge Funds Heading Into 2026 . According to our database, 256 hedge fund portfolios held Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) at the end of the fourth quarter, compared to 273 in the previous quarter. While we acknowledge the potential of Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock .

In another article , we covered Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) and shared Magellan Global Fund's views on the company. In addition, please check out our hedge fund investor letters Q4 2025 page for more investor letters from hedge funds and other leading investors.

READ NEXT: 33 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Years and 15 Stocks That Will Make You Rich in 10 Years .

Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey .
