Title: TCW Relative Value Large Cap Fund is Expecting Substantial Growth Potential for Meta Platforms Inc (META)
Date: 2026-04-07 14:41 UTC
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/tcw-relative-value-large-cap-144125226.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
TCW funds, an investment management company, released its “TCW Relative Value Large Cap Fund” fourth-quarter 2025 investor letter. A copy of the letter can be downloaded here . Equities ended the year on a positive note, with the S&P 500 Total Return (USD) increasing by 2.65% and achieving a remarkable 17.9% in 2025. The AI sector continued to thrive following Trump's tariff announcements. While there are concerning indicators similar to the Dot-Com bubble, the underlying companies appear to be defying odds with technological advancements, strong financials, and reasonable valuations. The Fund (I share) returned 4.29% in the quarter compared to 3.81% for the Russell 1000 Value Index. YTD, the Fund delivered a return of 19.32% compared to 15.91% for the Index. In addition, please check the Fund’s top five holdings to know its best picks in 2025.

In its fourth-quarter 2025 investor letter, TCW Relative Value Large Cap Fund highlighted Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ: META ) as one of its newly acquired positions. Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META), the parent company of dominant social media platforms, is a multinational technology company that develops products to connect people. On April 6, 2026, Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) stock closed at $573.02 per share. One-month return of Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) was -12.39%, and its shares gained 13.82% of their value over the last 52 weeks. Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) has a market capitalization of $1.45 trillion.

TCW Relative Value Large Cap Fund stated the following regarding Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) in its fourth quarter 2025 investor letter:

"Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) is a $1.8 trillion internet company headquartered in Menlo Park, CA. Meta is the largest social media company in the world with more than 3.5 billion unique users across Facebook, Instagram, and WhatsApp. Meta’s applications and technologies help people connect, find communities, and grow businesses. Meta Platforms is also involved in advertisements, augmented, and virtual reality, and more recently began offering AI products like chatbots and image generation tools. At initiation in October 2025, shares of Meta met one valuation factor, price-to-cash flow.

The investment catalyst is new products/markets. Meta is integrating AI into every part of its offering, both on the user side and with advertisers. On the user side, the company switched from a followed account model to algorithmically ranked content surfacing, allowing users to discover more relevant content than ever before and engage more with their apps. On the advertiser side, Advantage+ and other AI tools have made it far easier for small and medium businesses to get excellent returns on their advertising spend. This has accelerated growth in the core advertising business and there remains more opportunity as the company leverages generative AI tools to create ad copy and offer customer service chatbots. Click to Message and WhatsApp now account for more than $10 billion in revenues annually, and we see substantial growth potential over the medium term that should support higher cash flow and earnings."

Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) holds 5th position on our list of 40 Most Popular Stocks Among Hedge Funds Heading Into 2026 . According to our database, 256 hedge fund portfolios held Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) at the end of the fourth quarter, compared to 273 in the previous quarter. While we acknowledge the potential of Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock .

In another article , we covered Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) and shared Magellan Global Fund's views on the company. In addition, please check out our hedge fund investor letters Q4 2025 page for more investor letters from hedge funds and other leading investors.

READ NEXT: 33 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Years and 15 Stocks That Will Make You Rich in 10 Years .

Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey .
