Title: Allbirds sells for $39M amid tough period for sneaker industry
Date: 2026-04-06 20:30 UTC
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/allbirds-sells-for-39m-amid-tough-period-for-sneaker-industry-203000980.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
While Nike ( NKE ) reported a weak outlook amid its turnaround plan last week, shoemaker Allbirds was sold for $39 million after just shuttering all of its stores to avoid bankruptcy.

Yahoo Finance Markets and Data Editor Jared Blikre and Senior Reporter Brooke DiPalma examine the recent trends and troubles hitting the sneaker market.

And Brooke, a headline I was just reading All Birds. This is a a shoe company, you know, those famous wool shoes that were a little bit too warm for me, but four billion dollars at their peak and that was just a few years ago. Now they just got sold for 39 million.

It's it's quite sad. It's like this company was something that when especially 2018, 2019 when we were all at the office, we were, you know, the culture was high. We were kind of moving on.

And people would make a big deal about it.

Yeah, everyone was sort of wearing them. And then what's funny is that post Covid 2021 was sort of the year that all these sneaker companies went public. Not only did you have all birds, but you also had on holding behind like on running sneakers. They also went public during that time and it's interesting to see that the way that on and the way that Hoka has really been able to come out on top, make their name very well known in the past five years in the sneaker industry, but Alberts slowly slipped behind and maybe this has a lot to do with that direct consumer model, also they tried stores, didn't really work for them. Yet you have Hoka, you have on. Now Nike trying to make the comeback.

Nike.

Yeah.

I mean, they were down 15%. They were already down 15% this year, then they went down another 15%, so they're down over 30% and that's a company that's been a turnaround story for a long time here then.

Yeah, and the street's still waiting on that turnaround story. Elliot Hill took over in October of 2024. So this is now moving into a year and a half of of him being at the helm. and even Bank of America recently downgraded their rating on Nike to neutral because of this delayed progress and they're still really waiting for results. We were talking to Simi and Siegel last week and it seems like that point of inflection just hasn't come yet.
