Title: 1 Cash-Producing Stock to Keep an Eye On and 2 Facing Headwinds
Date: 2026-04-24 22:53
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/1-cash-producing-stock-keep-225323459.html?.tsrc=rss

A company that generates cash isn’t automatically a winner. Some businesses stockpile cash but fail to reinvest wisely, limiting their ability to expand. Not all companies are created equal, and StockStory is here to surface the ones with real upside. That said, here is one cash-producing company that reinvests wisely to drive long-term success and two that may face some trouble. What makes Chevron attractive as a cash-producing stock? Why is RTX facing potential headwinds despite cash generation? What challenges does Clean Energy Fuels face currently? How do these companies' free cash flow margins compare? Trailing 12-Month Free Cash Flow Margin: 9.4% Originally focused on refrigeration technology, Raytheon (NSYE:RTX) provides a a variety of products and services to the aerospace and defense industries. Why Do We Think Twice About RTX? Estimated sales growth of 5.6% for the next 12 months implies demand will slow from its two-year trend Low returns on capital reflect management’s struggle to allocate funds effectively RTX’s stock price of $179.60 implies a valuation ratio of 26.2x forward P/E.Dive into our free research report to see why there are better opportunities than RTX. Trailing 12-Month Free Cash Flow Margin: 14.1% Operating the largest network of natural gas fueling stations in North America with over 600 locations, Clean Energy Fuels (NASDAQ:CLNE) supplies renewable natural gas and conventional natural gas as fuel for commercial vehicle fleets. Why Should You Dump CLNE? 7.8% annual revenue growth over the last five years was slower than its energy upstream and integrated energy peers Smaller revenue base of $424.8 million means it hasn’t achieved the economies of scale that some industry juggernauts enjoy Costly operations and weak unit economics result in an inferior gross margin of 24.6% that must be offset through higher production volumes Clean Energy Fuels is trading at $2.37 per share, or 8.5x forward EV-to-EBITDA.To fully understand why you should be careful with CLNE, check out our full research report (it’s free). Trailing 12-Month Free Cash Flow Margin: 8.8% Operating everything from deepwater drilling rigs to corner gas stations, Chevron (NYSE:CVX) explores for, produces, and transports crude oil and natural gas, then refines that crude oil into gasoline, diesel, and other petroleum products. Why Could CVX Be a Winner? 14.8% annual revenue growth over the last five years surpassed the sector average as its products resonated with customers Enormous revenue base of $189 billion provides significant leverage in supplier negotiations Has the option to reinvest or return capital to investors as its 11% free cash flow margin is well above its peers At $187.42 per share, Chevron trades at 15.5x forward P/E. Is now the right time to buy?See for yourself in our in-depth research report, it’s free.