Title:   Jim Cramer Says: “Exxon Mobil’s Fine, But Chevron’s a Better Company”
Date:    2026-04-14
URL:     https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/jim-cramer-says-exxon-mobil-181439524.html?.tsrc=rss
--Article Content--
Oops, something went wrong
Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) is amongJim Cramer’s recent stock calls as he urged investors to stand by the defense sector. Toward the end of the lightning round, a caller asked about the stock, and here’s what Cramer had to say in response:
Exxon Mobil’s fine, but Chevron’s a better company. I mean, you know, I think about this all the time, honestly, and I just decided, just go with Wirth, and it’s been the right call. I’m sticking with it.
Photo byRaymond KotewiczonUnsplash
Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) is an oil and natural gas exploration and production company that also manufactures fuels, petrochemicals, and specialty products. A caller asked about the stock during the April 2 episode, and Cramer responded:
Well, look, I think, you know, first of all, Chevron I like more than Exxon. I think they’re more forward-looking. So I would not, I don’t want you to cash out of Exxon for Chevron, but I’m just telling everybody else that’s the case. I think that, I’m going to speak as a portfolio manager myself for my Charitable Trust. I sold my oil, and it was a mistake, and it was clearly a mistake because we forget how important oil is to our country. We spoke to ONEOK today, just shows you the value of it. I think you should have one.
I’ve been trying to go back and forth with Jeff Marks about what to do. I would encourage you to stay in Exxon if you, if someone’s watching and listening and they don’t own one, go for Chevron. These are known as E&P plays, and I think you just own it, and take it from me as someone who wishes that he had not sold his one oil. It’s really good to have one. To be up 34% year to date is great… Just hold on. And new people who are thinking, wow, Jim really likes to own an oil, the oil that I like to own is Chevron.
While we acknowledge the potential of XOM as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on thebest short-term AI stock.
READ NEXT:33 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Yearsand15 Stocks That Will Make You Rich in 10 Years
Disclosure: None.Follow Insider Monkey on Google News.