Title: Buy 5 High-Flying Old Economy Stocks of 2026 With More Room to Run
Date: 2026-04-23 12:16
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/buy-5-high-flying-old-121600138.html?.tsrc=rss

While the artificial intelligence (AI)-driven, astonishing bull run of U.S. stock markets from 2023 to 2025, continued into 2026, market participants benefited from other sectors, too. Several old-economy stocks from cyclical sectors have surged year to date. Investing in these stocks with a favorable Zacks Rank should lead to profits in 2026. These old-economy stocks have transformed the ongoing rally into a broad-based one with huge opportunities for portfolio diversification. Here, we have narrowed our search to five old-economy stocks that have rallied more than 20% year to date. Yet, their current favorable Zacks Rank indicates more upside potential in 2026. These are:Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.ADM,Exxon Mobil Corp.XOM,Chevron Corp.CVX,Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.WAB andCummins Inc.CMI. Each of our picks currently carries either a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) or 2 (Buy). You can seethe complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here. The chart below shows the price performance of our five picks year to date. Image Source: Zacks Investment Research Zacks Rank #1 Archer-Daniels-Midland is benefiting from a rebound in its Nutrition segment. Human Nutrition is gaining traction, with the Flavors portfolio benefiting from solid North American demand, international customer wins and improved margins from a favorable mix and disciplined pricing. ADM continues to advance its Optimize, Drive and Grow pillars, enhancing productivity, accelerating cost savings, expanding BioSolutions and leveraging digital tools to unlock margin opportunities and strengthen customer reach. ADM is actively managing productivity and innovation as well as aligning work to the interconnected trends in food security, health and wellbeing. The company is well-positioned for sustainable long-term profit growth across new avenues. ADM has been creating additional margin opportunities, opening up channels to customers, advancing digital technologies in areas like farmer needs, the extension of Regen Act programs and partnerships, and the growth of its BioSolutions platform. Archer-Daniels-Midland has an expected revenue and earnings growth rate of 5% and 26%, respectively, for the current year. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for the current year’s earnings has improved 9.4% over the last 30 days. Zacks Rank #1 Exxon Mobil has high-value assets in the Permian Basin and Guyana that drive robust production growth, doubling upstream earnings since 2019. Notably, in the Permian, XOM intends production to surpass 2.5 million oil-equivalent barrels per day beyond 2030.