Title: Eni Stock Looks Undervalued Ahead of Q1 Results_ Time to Buy_
Date: 2026-04-23 15:59
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/eni-stock-looks-undervalued-ahead-155900714.html?.tsrc=rss

Eni SpAE is set to report first-quarter 2026 results on April 24, after the closing bell. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for first-quarter earnings is pegged at $1.13 per share, implying an improvement of almost 23% from the year-ago reported number. It has witnessed one upward estimate revision in the past seven days. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for first-quarter revenues is currently pegged at $22.7 billion, suggesting a 6% decline from the year-ago figure. E beat on earnings in each of the trailing four quarters, delivering an average surprise of 13.5%. This is depicted in the graph below: Image Source: Zacks Investment Research Our proven model doesn’t predict an earnings beat for E this time around. The combination of a positive Earnings ESP and a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), 2 (Buy), or 3 (Hold) increases the chances of an earnings beat. That is just not the case here. The leading integrated player has an Earnings ESP of 0.00% and a Zacks Rank #1. You can seethe complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here. You can uncover the best stocks to buy or sell before they’re reported with our Earnings ESP Filter. To have an idea of how oil prices behaved in the March quarter, let's analyze the commodity prices from the data provided by the U.S. Energy Information Administration (“EIA”). The average Europe Brent spot prices for January, February and March of this year were $66.6, $70.89 and $103.13 per barrel, respectively, per EIA data. The crude pricing environment was quite favorable for exploration and production activities of E, especially in the last month of the quarter. The supporting commodity prices are likely to have aided production volumes. E stock has jumped 87.9% over the past year, outperforming the industry’s 44.1% growth.BP plcBP, another integrated major, has surged 59.9% over the same time frame, whileExxon Mobil CorporationXOM has gained 37.6%. One-Year Price Chart Image Source: Zacks Investment Research Although E's prices outperformed the industry, the company appears relatively undervalued. The energy player's current trailing 12-month enterprise value/earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization (EV/EBITDA) ratio is 6.47, reflecting that it is trading at a discount compared with the industry average of 6.64. While BP is valued lower at 3.75x, XOM is valued higher at 9.53x. Image Source: Zacks Investment Research The price of Brent crude is trading at more than $100 per barrel, per OilPrice.com, thanks to the ongoing tensions in the Middle East. Also, EIA in its latest short-term energy outlook stated its expectations for the spot average price of Brent crude for this year at $96 per barrel. The highly favorable crude pricing environment will probably aid E, like XOM and BP, to produce at a level that will aid it to meet its 2025-2028 medium-term plan.