Title: 1 Cash-Producing Stock to Keep an Eye On and 2 Facing Headwinds
Date: 2026-04-24 22:53
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/1-cash-producing-stock-keep-225323459.html?.tsrc=rss

Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home.
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker.
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude.
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
A company that generates cash isn’t automatically a winner. Some businesses stockpile cash but fail to reinvest wisely, limiting their ability to expand.
Not all companies are created equal, and StockStory is here to surface the ones with real upside. That said, here is one cash-producing company that reinvests wisely to drive long-term success and two that may face some trouble.
What makes Chevron attractive as a cash-producing stock?
Why is RTX facing potential headwinds despite cash generation?
What challenges does Clean Energy Fuels face currently?
How do these companies' free cash flow margins compare?
Trailing 12-Month Free Cash Flow Margin: 9.4%
Originally focused on refrigeration technology, Raytheon (NSYE:RTX) provides a a variety of products and services to the aerospace and defense industries.
Why Do We Think Twice About RTX?
Estimated sales growth of 5.6% for the next 12 months implies demand will slow from its two-year trend
Low returns on capital reflect management’s struggle to allocate funds effectively
RTX’s stock price of $179.60 implies a valuation ratio of 26.2x forward P/E. Dive into our free research report to see why there are better opportunities than RTX .
Trailing 12-Month Free Cash Flow Margin: 14.1%
Operating the largest network of natural gas fueling stations in North America with over 600 locations, Clean Energy Fuels (NASDAQ:CLNE) supplies renewable natural gas and conventional natural gas as fuel for commercial vehicle fleets.
Why Should You Dump CLNE?
7.8% annual revenue growth over the last five years was slower than its energy upstream and integrated energy peers
Smaller revenue base of $424.8 million means it hasn’t achieved the economies of scale that some industry juggernauts enjoy
Costly operations and weak unit economics result in an inferior gross margin of 24.6% that must be offset through higher production volumes
Clean Energy Fuels is trading at $2.37 per share, or 8.5x forward EV-to-EBITDA. To fully understand why you should be careful with CLNE, check out our full research report (it’s free) .
Trailing 12-Month Free Cash Flow Margin: 8.8%
Operating everything from deepwater drilling rigs to corner gas stations, Chevron (NYSE:CVX) explores for, produces, and transports crude oil and natural gas, then refines that crude oil into gasoline, diesel, and other petroleum products.
Why Could CVX Be a Winner?
14.8% annual revenue growth over the last five years surpassed the sector average as its products resonated with customers
Enormous revenue base of $189 billion provides significant leverage in supplier negotiations
Has the option to reinvest or return capital to investors as its 11% free cash flow margin is well above its peers
At $187.42 per share, Chevron trades at 15.5x forward P/E. Is now the right time to buy? See for yourself in our in-depth research report, it’s free .
ALSO WORTH WATCHING: Top 5 Momentum Stocks. The best time to own a great stock is when the market is finally noticing it. These aren't just high-quality businesses. Something is happening with them right now. Elite fundamentals meeting near-term momentum — both boxes checked at the same time.
Find out which stocks our AI platform is flagging this week. See this week's Strong Momentum stocks — FREE. Get Our Strong Momentum Stocks for Free HERE .
Stocks that made our list in 2020 include now familiar names such as Nvidia (+1,326% between June 2020 and June 2025) as well as under-the-radar businesses like the once-small-cap company Comfort Systems (+782% five-year return). Find your next big winner with StockStory today .