Title: Why UnitedHealth Group Rallied Today
Date: 2026-04-07 18:59 UTC
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/07/why-unitedhealth-group-rallied-today/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
The beaten-down health insurer got a lift from Dr. Oz, who currently heads the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services.

Shares of UnitedHealth Group ( UNH +9.37% ) were rallying on Tuesday, up 10.5% as of 1:41 p.m. EDT.

UnitedHealth is the largest health insurer in America, and received a boost today after the government's Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services announced a higher 2027 reimbursement rate for Medicare Advantage plans than previously indicated.

In a statement from CMS Administrator Mehmet Oz (or "Dr. Oz" as he's known to many), the government agency announced it had approved a 2.48% increase to Medicare Advantage reimbursements for calendar 2027.

That was a relief to large insurers that offer Medicare Advantage plans, as the government had previously indicated just a 0.09% increase in next year's reimbursements back in January.

While Medicare Advantage plans are privately purchased, the government reimburses insurers for part of the underlying costs to keep these plans affordable for seniors. So, an increase in government subsidies should boost insurer profits, either directly or through lower premium rates, which would then attract more insureds. Thus, UnitedHealth rallied along with most other health insurance giants today.

Image source: Getty Images.

Prior to today, UnitedHealth had fallen by more than 50% from its highs, due to a toxic mix of rising costs and an ongoing Department of Justice investigation into its billing practices.

The stock currently trades at 23 times trailing 12-month earnings and around 16 times this year's earnings estimates. That's about a market multiple for an average non-tech stock, so even after its fall, UnitedHealth's stock isn't exactly "cheap."

While today's news certainly helps, ongoing medical cost inflation isn't going away, and the DOJ investigation remains unresolved. Therefore, while some investors may find shares attractive, the stock is by no means a screaming bargain, even after its precipitous decline.

Billy Duberstein and/or his clients have no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends UnitedHealth Group. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy .

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.

Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.

Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.

© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool . All rights reserved.

Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io .

About The Motley Fool

Our Services

Around the Globe

Free Tools

Affiliates & Friends
