Title: Big Tech’s $16 trillion earnings week is make-or-break for rally
Date: 2026-04-26 13:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/big-tech-16-trillion-earnings-130000600.html?.tsrc=rss

Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home.
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker.
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude.
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
(Bloomberg) — Wall Street’s biggest technology stocks have carried the S&P 500 to record highs even as the war in Iran continues. Now, earnings from a handful of them this week will give investors a read on whether this rally’s sustainable.
Most Read from Bloomberg
The Billion-Barrel Hormuz Oil Shock Is About to Crash Demand
Gunman Detained, Trump Evacuated After Shooting at Press Dinner
Trump Scraps US Trip for Iran Talks, Leaving Ceasefire in Limbo
The Hottest Phone for Kids Right Now Is a $100 Landline
Google Plans to Invest Up to $40 Billion in Anthropic
Alphabet Inc. ( GOOG ), Microsoft Corp. ( MSFT ), Amazon.com Inc. ( AMZN ) and Meta Platforms Inc. ( META ) are set to report Wednesday, followed by Apple Inc. ( AAPL ) a day later. The companies are worth nearly $16 trillion combined, representing a quarter of the S&P 500 Index’s market capitalization.
“It’s going to be a critical week,” said Keith Lerner, chief investment officer and chief market strategist at Truist Advisory Services. Results need “to validate this recent move,” he added.
The so-called Magnificent Seven, which also includes Nvidia Corp. ( NVDA ) and Tesla Inc. ( TSLA ), has powered a four-week rally in the US equity benchmark that’s added 13%. Shares of Alphabet, Amazon, Nvidia and Meta are all up more than 25% since the S&P 500 bottomed on March 30.
The rally comes after Big Tech spent the first three months of the year dragging down the S&P 500 amid concerns the companies are overspending on artificial intelligence. The selloff washed out investor positioning in the stocks and compressed valuations, making the group ripe for a comeback.
Economic risks posed by the war in Iran, which has driven oil prices higher and threatened to keep inflation sticky, has made tech giants’ strong earnings growth look more attractive, according to Allen Bond, portfolio manager at Jensen Investment Management.
The Magnificent Seven’s earnings are projected to expand 19% in the first quarter, compared with 12% for the rest of the S&P 500, according to data compiled by Bloomberg Intelligence. So far, the cohort is off to a good start. Last week, Tesla beat Wall Street estimates for first-quarter adjusted earnings, though that was overshadowed by concerns about a jump in capital spending. Nvidia, the world’s most valuable company, will be the last to report on May 20.
“Big Tech is living in a different world,” said Bond, whose firm manages about $5 billion in assets. “Tech offers you a way to buy into a secular growth narrative, where there’s not much concern about disruption from geopolitical issues, and recently you’ve been able to do it at a pretty attractive discount.”
Expanding profits have helped keep a lid on valuations. Excluding Tesla, which trades at a nosebleed multiple, the group is priced at 25 times profits anticipated over the next 12 months, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. That’s down from 29 times in October but still above the S&P 500 at 21 times.
There are risks, of course. Tech giants may have dominant market positions, but they’re not completely immune from macroeconomic problems. Plus, disappointments related to AI costs could derail the rally. Earlier this year, higher-than-expected capital spending spooked investors and helped send Magnificent Seven stocks into a tailspin, falling 16% in the first three months of 2026 — more than twice the decline in the S&P 500.
Combined capital expenditures from Microsoft, Alphabet, Amazon and Meta are projected to be $649 billion in 2026, up from $411 billion in 2025, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. These firms need to prove that the spending will deliver strong returns, according to Brian Barbetta, co-leader of Wellington Management’s technology team and co-portfolio manager on the global innovation strategy, which manages about $50 billion in assets.
“We’re of the view that the capital being deployed has a strong ROI that will result in faster growth and margin expansion over time,” said Barbetta.
The scale of investments, however, is taking a toll on cash flows. Amazon’s free cash flow is expected to be negative $13.3 billion in the first quarter, which would be the widest since 2022, when investments in things like warehouses soared to meet pandemic-fueled demand. And Meta’s first-quarter free cash flow is projected to be $4 billion, the smallest in nearly four years.
In response, some of the companies are tightening their belts. Meta and Microsoft are planning workforce reductions to help offset the impact of bigger AI spending. News of those moves on Thursday sent both stocks lower.
Investors will likely be looking closely at the companies’ cloud-computing businesses, where demand from AI startups like Anthropic and OpenAI is driving rapid sales growth and outstripping supply.
Revenues at Amazon Web Services, the biggest cloud services provider, are projected to rise 26% in the first quarter, while sales at Microsoft’s Azure and Google Cloud are expected to expand by 38% and 50%, respectively. Last quarter, Azure’s 38% revenue growth wasn’t enough to satisfy investors, sending Microsoft shares down 10% the day after earnings.
Excitement about new AI services from Anthropic has quelled a lot of concerns about whether such investments will ultimately payoff, according to Jensen’s Bond. While those advancements have fanned anxieties about software makers seen as at risk of disruption, it’s a positive for Big Tech companies that are aggressively investing for the future, he added.
“These are extremely strong businesses with high margins and a lot of consistency, and multiples don’t seem stretched,” said Bond. “The megacaps exist in a different universe in terms of their attractiveness.”
—With assistance from Matt Turner.
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
‘I Have Half of MAGA’: The Republican Challenging Trump From Within
A Restaurant That’s Barely Raised Prices Since 1973
United’s CEO Is Here to Buy Your Struggling Airline
Why If the War Doesn’t End Soon, Everyone Will Pay
AI Startup Has Helped Reverse Thousands of Denied Health Insurance Claims
©2026 Bloomberg L.P.