Title: IBM Shares Soar on US Funding for $2 Billion Quantum Push
Date: 2026-05-21 20:47
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/technology/articles/ibm-shares-soar-on-us-funding-for-2-billion-quantum-push-204755848.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results The Trump administration plans to invest $2 billion in quantum computing, expanding its broader push into strategic industries The Dow clinched a record high as stocks rebounded on optimism for a US-Iran peace deal US stocks turned higher as oil prices fell on hopes of a US-Iran peace deal Quantum stocks jump as Trump administration doles out $2 billion in exchange for equity US stocks fell as oil prices rose amid doubts about US-Iran peace talks The bond market's signal to the Fed: Interest rates should be higher SpaceX files IPO prospectus, offering a rare look at the company's finances Nvidia beats earnings estimates, gives upbeat outlook on strong chip sales The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq rallied as oil fell and Nvidia earnings were on deck The ChatGPT maker is reportedly preparing to file for an IPO in the coming weeks, with plans to go public as early as September Oil plunges as Trump says US in 'final stages' of Iran deal After an unsteady start, stocks gained as oil prices fell and a bond sell-off paused S&P 500, Nasdaq rise in countdown to Nvidia results The chip giant is set to report results Wednesday as its stock climbs higher and rivals close in. Here's what to expect. The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq fell as bond yields surged amid rate hike concerns Google unveils biggest update to Search in 25 years, including AI agents Trump traded over $50 million in Big Tech stocks last quarter, selling Tesla and buying more Apple, new ethics disclosure shows US stocks slid at the open as bond yields rose and tech stocks extended their retreat AI is likely to concentrate power among corporate giants and leave everyone else further behind, Goldman Sachs says The S&P 500 and Nasdaq slipped as chip stocks fell and investors weighed inflation fears Elon Musk loses trial against OpenAI There are 3 issues that appear little changed after Trump's China summit US stocks rise as yields climb amid inflation worries America's CEOs call out where food prices are rising The housing market is starting to look K-shaped, too Anthropic's shadow IPO market is already flashing trillion-dollar prices Investors eye Nvidia, bond yields, and the next commodity supercycle Wall Street sees bubble-like euphoria in AI-fueled semiconductor rally Should you buy Series I bonds as inflation heats up again? Travel is still on, but rising costs reshape summer vacation plans Executives are blaming layoffs on AI, but research shows AI is 'not the main driver' of US labor slowdown. Intel announces a multiyear partnership deal with McLaren's F1 racing team Here are the most anticipated IPOs in 2026 History's weirdest bubbles have a message for the AI trade Kevin Warsh is set to take over leading the Fed amid one of the most dynamic economic backdrops in modern history Trump’s 'insane amount of trades' astonish Wall Street insiders (Bloomberg) SpaceX accelerates IPO timeline, targets market debut as early as June 12 (Reuters) The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq sank as US bond yields jumped to end a volatile week on a downbeat note The 30-year Treasury yield just broke to its highest level in almost 20 years Nasdaq leads dive in US stocks, with yields jumping amid inflation jitters Cerebras soared on its market debut. Here's how the company plans to take on Nvidia with a new approach to chip technology. Stocks gained, with the Dow closing above 50,000 and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq notching fresh records Cerebras stock surged 100% within minutes of trading in what is expected to be 2026's biggest IPO The Dow retook 50,000 and the S&P 500 topped 7,500 as the AI trade lifted stocks US stocks rise as Nvidia jumps, Trump-Xi summit kicks off Xi Jinping tells US CEOs that 'China's door will only open wider' Micron wiped out roughly $100 billion in market value at Tuesday’s low — and chip bulls still bought the dip Tech stocks led the S&P 500 and Nasdaq to record highs, while the Dow slipped The US Senate confirmed Kevin Warsh as the new chairman of the Federal Reserve with a final vote of 54-45 The 10-year Treasury yield hovered just below 4.5% after hot inflation data, raising concerns stocks could come under pressure (Bloomberg) -- The Trump administration has agreed to award $1 billion to International Business Machines Corp. (IBM) to build a foundry for producing quantum computing chips, part of a broad strategy to bolster US leadership in an emerging industry. Most Read from Bloomberg Spot the Difference: Putin Gets Trump Treatment From Xi in China Iran Says the US’s Latest Proposal Has ‘Narrowed the Gaps’ Modi’s Toffee Gift to Meloni Ignites Rally in Wrong Indian Stock Iran in Talks With Oman Over Permanent Hormuz Toll System Dow Average Climbs to Record on US-Iran Deal Hopes: Markets Wrap IBM will also invest $1 billion into a new business, called Anderon, which will produce the processors, the company said in a statement on Thursday. Both IBM and government funding will go toward operating a quantum wafer facility at an existing semiconductor manufacturing research center in Albany, New York, according to a statement from Chuck Schumer, a Democratic senator from the state. Shares of IBM rose 12% to $252.97 in New York on Thursday, marking the biggest single-day gain in more than a year. Other companies that received awards also jumped. GlobalFoundries Inc., a semiconductor firm developing specialized chips for quantum computing, rose 15%. D-Wave Quantum Inc. gained 33%, Rigetti Computing Inc. rose 31%, and Infleqtion Inc. surged 31%. Governments are lining up financing for quantum computing, a nascent technology that researchers believe could provide a range of new capabilities in everything from drug discovery to computing encryption standards. Though the machines are primarily used for research purposes for now, their promised capabilities could pose a threat to national security, breaking the systems that protect banks and government data. In addition to IBM, the US government awarded funding to more than a half-dozen other companies. GlobalFoundries is receiving $375 million, the company said in a statement. D-Wave, Rigetti, Infleqtion and PsiQuantum said in separate statements that they had signed letters of intent with the US Commerce Department for as much as $100 million apiece. Other recipients of $100 million awards included Atom Computing Inc. and Quantinuum, while the startup Diraq will get $38 million. The deals, which have yet to be finalized, are part of a broader $2 billion support package from the Commerce Department for quantum computing, using resources from the 2022 Chips and Science Act. The US government is set to receive minority, noncontrolling equity stakes in each of the companies in exchange for the awards, according to a statement Thursday from Commerce. Specifically, the funds will come from a research and development office that had received $11 billion under the Chips Act, a broader $52 billion overall initiative signed by then-President Joe Biden to boost the US semiconductor industry. Last year, Secretary of Commerce Howard Lutnick voided $7.4 billion of the $11 billion given to a nonprofit for research, steering a share of that money toward investments that would provide a return for the government. The extension into backing quantum companies is also part of his remaking of the 2022 Chips and Science Act. A mix of startups and large firms, including Microsoft Corp. and Alphabet Inc.’s Google, are trying to apply quantum physics to make computers exponentially more powerful than today’s machines. These companies are betting that the nascent field, which uses the rules of subatomic particles to manipulate and transmit information, is getting closer to delivering real-world progress in fields like drug discovery and finance. (Updates with final share reaction starting in third paragraph and details of IBM quantum fab location. An earlier version corrected the spelling of Quantinuum.) Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek College Kids Don’t Want Your AI Courts Are Swamped With AI-Powered Do-It-Yourself Lawsuits Blame YouTube, Not Just Trump, for the End of Colbert’s Late Show ICE Raids Did Lasting Damage to American Businesses Been Sanctioned by the US Government? There’s a Guy for That ©2026 Bloomberg L.P. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
