Title: Why Applied Digital Stock Soared Today
Date: 2026-05-21 20:24
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/05/21/why-applied-digital-stock-soared-today/?.tsrc=rss
Content: The AI infrastructure designer signed another multibillion-dollar deal. Shares ofApplied Digital(APLD+21.51%)surged on Thursday after the next-gen data center builder announced another major lease agreement with a cloud titan. Image source: Getty Images. Applied Digital is partnering with the same undisclosed hyperscaler that previously signed a $7.5 billion, 15-year lease for 300 megawatts (MW) of capacity at its artificial intelligence (AI) factory campus, Delta Forge 1, in April. A hyperscaler is an enterprise-scale provider of cloud computing and related services.AmazonWeb Services,MicrosoftAzure,Alphabet's Google Cloud, andOracleare some of the leading hyperscalers in the world today. This new 15-year lease is for Applied Digital's fourth site, Polaris Forge 3. The deal also covers 300 MW of critical IT load, specifically designed for AI model training and inference workloads. It, too, is valued at roughly $7.5 billion. This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason. Polaris Forge 3 spans over 600 acres and features Applied Digital's proprietary waterless cooling technology and high-density power delivery. Operations are expected to begin in August 2027. "Polaris Forge 3 is a direct extension of what we've proven works: a disciplined, repeatable AI factory model that delivers large-scale capacity to the world's most demanding compute customers," CEO Wes Cummins said. When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all,Stock Advisor’stotal average return is994%*— a market-crushing outperformance compared to207%for the S&P 500. They just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy right now,available when you joinStock Advisor. *Stock Advisor returns as of May 21, 2026. With hyperscalers planning to spend $725 billion in capital expenditures in 2026 alone, Applied Digital has a massive market opportunity still ahead. The data center designer's total contracted lease revenue now checks in at $31 billion across four of its campuses -- and up to $73 billion if its customers choose to renew under the terms of their existing leases. "While executing leases representing 1.2 GW [gigawatts] in the past eleven months has been a monumental achievement, we are actively marketing more than 1.7 GW of grid-connected utility power across sites recently added to our portfolio, as well as existing sites," Cummins said.     Before you buy stock inApplied Digital, consider this: The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andApplied Digitalwasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $475,063!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,369,991!* Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is994% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to207%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors. See the 10 stocks › *Stock Advisor returns as of May 21, 2026.  Joe Tenebrusohas positions in Amazon. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Alphabet, Amazon, Microsoft, and Oracle. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy. This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over28 Amazons. What in the world could be worth 28 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited. Continue ›  *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason. Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services. Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. ©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io. About The Motley Fool Our Services Around the Globe Free Tools Affiliates & Friends
