Title: World Inflation Scare Is Coming as Chinese Exporters Lift Prices
Date: 2026-04-24 09:12
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/economy/articles/world-inflation-scare-coming-chinese-091231755.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude. 
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
Allbirds' AI pivot shows signs of froth in markets, but experts say the underlying fundamentals in AI remain strong.
Dow leaps 850 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch new records in stunning rally amid US-Iran diplomacy hopes
Stocks climbed at the open and oil fell as Iran said the Strait of Hormuz is 'completely open'
The stock market has notched one of its fastest turnarounds in years
Europe is facing a severe jet fuel shortage, with 'maybe six weeks of jet fuel left'
Stocks rebound after Trump says Israel, Lebanon agreed to ceasefire
S&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq rise, with fresh records in view amid hopes for truce
Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions
S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses
The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company
S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled
Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher
US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI
JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks'
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
(Bloomberg) -- Chinese exporters are beginning to lift prices on everything from swimsuits to air conditioners as the Iran war drives up oil-linked input costs, signaling that global consumer inflation is likely to accelerate.
Most Read from Bloomberg
US Reduces Marijuana Restrictions in Lift to Ailing Industry
Meta Tells Staff It Will Cut 10% of Jobs in Push for Efficiency
Anthropic’s Mythos Model Is Being Accessed by Unauthorized Users
Trump’s Messaging Blitz Divides Advisers as Iran Talks Waver
Inside Alex Cooper’s Unwell: Tears, Screaming and Employees Looking for the Exit
More than a dozen categories of household goods saw sharp year-on-year price increases in March, customs data compiled by Trade Data Monitor and analyzed by Bloomberg showed — snapping a sustained decline over the past few years that had helped restrain global inflation.
“I held off raising prices for as long as I could in March, but in the end I had no choice,” said Pang Ling, a sales manager at a Shanghai-based medical catheter maker. “I panicked watching plastic costs climb almost every singe day,” she said.
That stress is rippling across a raft of sectors, with exporters also raising prices on swimsuits, ski-suits and women’s trousers — all reliant on synthetic fibers such as polyester — by low- to mid-single digit percentages in March. Their suppliers hiked fiber prices as frequently as daily during the month.
Other products reliant on rubber, plastic and oil-derived chemicals also saw spikes. Syringes were one of the hardest hit products, with prices up as much as 20% in March. Meanwhile, home appliance prices are getting squeezed on two fronts as manufacturers also face higher metal and semiconductor costs.
Read: Some Chinese Exporters Lift Prices on Rising Costs Due to War
The detailed breakdown provides one of the first snapshots of how the Iran-war induced energy shock is rippling through the world’s No. 2 economy and on to retailers around the world.
For almost three years, China’s export prices had been falling due to overcapacity and intense competition, helping to contain inflation in economies from the US to Europe. Those declines shaved an estimated 0.3%-0.5% off headline inflation in advanced economies in recent years, according to Capital Economics.
As recently as February, cheaper Chinese goods acted as a restraint on price pressures in economies such as the UK.
Now, as Chinese manufacturers begin passing on higher costs, that disinflationary buffer is weakening.
Bloomberg Economics estimates above-3% inflation in 2026 is “back in play” across the euro area, the US and the UK as a result of the energy cost spike. This is a huge reversal from before the Iran war, when price growth in major economies was headed back toward target.
That cost pressure has already seen Chinese producer prices return to growth for the first time in more than three years and Goldman Sachs Group Inc. expects overall export prices to turn positive as soon as in March. Official data to be released around April 25 will confirm whether that’s the case.
So far, the full brunt of higher export prices hasn’t reached consumers and, in most economies, inflation has only ticked up modestly. Many goods shipped last month were likely ordered weeks or even months earlier, meaning they also won’t reflect rising input costs. And exporters in some sectors like toys, even cut prices in March due to fierce competition and weak demand.
This suggests that export-price inflation is set to accelerate in the coming months, especially in the absence of a resolution to the Iran conflict.
A 10% increase in the cost of oil typically lifts Chinese export prices by an average 50 basis points over the first year, with a peak four to five months from the initial shock, according to Goldman Sachs estimates.
Even so, Standard Chartered Plc’s Ding Shuang noted that China’s export prices will probably rise less than those of other major exporters, meaning the country could absorb part of the global inflation shock.
That’s because weak domestic consumer spending will put a lid on overall inflation and wage growth in China, while competition will continue to limit how much companies can raise their prices, according to Ding.
But the rest of the world is bracing for a price shock. Pang, who has already increased prices 7% on new orders from US-based clients, is set to travel there this week to negotiate further hikes. Prices of polyvinyl chloride (PVC), her company’s main input, surged as much as 80% in March from pre-war levels and remain about 50% higher even after a modest pullback in the past two weeks.
“I’m so tired of not knowing what tomorrow will bring,” Pang said. “The whole situation has put me on an emotional rollercoaster every day.”
--With assistance from Jinshan Hong and Paul Abelsky.
(Updates with details in third to last paragraph.)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
‘I Have Half of MAGA’: The Republican Challenging Trump From Within
AI Startup Has Helped Reverse Thousands of Denied Health Insurance Claims
United’s CEO Is Here to Buy Your Struggling Airline
QVC Lost the Home Shoppers to Social Media Influencers
Three Bedrooms for €60 Million Shows Monaco’s Dirty Money Headache
©2026 Bloomberg L.P.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio