Title: Goldman Sachs Kicks Off Earnings Season With a Blowout Quarter, Yet Investors Are Selling the Stock Anyway. Here are 2 Reasons Why
Date: 2026-04-13 15:48
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/13/goldman-sachs-kicks-off-earnings-season-with-a-blo/?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Goldman Sachs easily beat Wall Street earnings and revenue estimates.
The large and historic investment bankGoldman Sachs(GS1.83%)kicked off the 2026 first-quarter earnings season with blowout results, easily topping Wall Street analyst estimates.
Thebankgenerated earnings per share of $17.55, over $1 better than estimates coming into the quarter. Revenue of $17.23 billion topped expectations by $260 million.
Yet, as of 11:27 a.m. ET today, the stock was down roughly 3.6% and had been down nearly 5% earlier this morning. Here are two reasons the strong results weren't enough to win over investors.
Image source: Getty Images.
The main issue was that Goldman's fixed-income trading revenues came up well short of Wall Street expectations. The bank reported about $4 billion in fixed-income revenue, which was $900 million below Wall Street estimates. Goldman attributed the miss to weakness in interest rate products,mortgage, and credit.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Bank trading desks typically perform well during intense market volatility, such as that experienced in the first quarter of the year, because they earn higher fees as investors reposition their portfolios more often. The market expected a big quarter out of both equities and fixed income trading, but Goldman came up short in fixed income.
However, equities trading revenue came in at $5.33 billion, roughly $420 million above Wall Street's expectations and a record.
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name.
The other issue in Goldman's results was the provision for credit losses. Goldman recorded a provision of $315 million, more than double Wall Street's estimate of $150 million. Furthermore, Goldman attributed the larger provision to loan growth and expected write-downs in wholesale loans.
While it's unclear exactly which wholesale loans are impacted, that could further stoke concerns about private credit, which the market is already on edge about. In its 10-K, Goldman's largest category of wholesale loans is loans backed by specific collateral, including investment funds that are collateralized by commitments from the fund's investors or clients who warehouse assets.
Ultimately, long-term investors don't need to read too much into the miss in fixed income or the higher provision. Fixed income revenues still climbed by about $900 million from the prior quarter, and the provision was up about 10% year over year, which isn't too big of a deal. The credit provision is also very difficult to forecast.
While Goldman's stock isn't exactly cheap right now, the company has a solid backdrop that could improve further if interest rates fall. Investors can continue to hold the stock long term.
Before you buy stock inGoldman Sachs Group, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andGoldman Sachs Groupwasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $555,526!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,156,403!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is968% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.
Bram Berkowitzhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Goldman Sachs Group. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over35 Amazons.
What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Top 10 Stocks to Buy Now&OurLimited-Time4-StockRule BreakersReport
*$199 for two years is a promotional price for new members only. 67% discount based on the current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/yr. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 13, 2026 at 11:59 pm PST.**Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.