Title: Goldman Sachs eyes more corporate mergers despite war uncertainty
Date: 2026-04-13 16:25
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/goldman-sachs-eyes-more-corporate-162517334.html?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading
The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride.
Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started.
Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks
Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg)
Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week
Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be.
Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher
Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO
What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings
The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey.
Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026.
Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains.
Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire
US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October.
US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge
Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite
Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now
Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation.
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Goldman Sachs reported strong first-quarter earnings on Monday, pointing to continued client interest in dealmaking that so far has not been derailed by the Middle East War.
The New York-based investment bank scored an 18 percent jump in quarterly profit to $5.4 billion, citing a "significant increase in completed mergers and acquisitions volumes" that boosted financial advisory revenues.
Overall revenues rose 14 percent to $17.2 billion.
While the "level of uncertainty is higher" due to the war, Chief Executive David Solomon told analysts that clients remain interested in large deals.
"We continue to see significant activity on the M&A front," Solomon said in a conference call. "We don't see that slowing."
Solomon also expressed bullishness on winning business from upcoming initial public offerings that will proceed because "it's important for those businesses and for capital formation on those businesses," he predicted.
Solomon expressed confidence in Goldman's private credit business in response to analyst questions amid growing investor anxiety.
"We feel we're very well positioned," Solomon said, pointing to an inflow in the quarter in private credit."
But Solomon described the worry about private credit as unsurprising given that "this has been a very long credit cycle" without a recession where problems are exposed.
"So when you do have cycle turn in a recession, we'll see higher losses across the space than you would have had if it was a shorter cycle," he said.
- Political opportunity for deals -
Monday's batch of results marked the third in a row in which Goldman flagged completed deals as a positive driver. Investment banking fees surged 48 percent in the quarter amid the strong mergers and acquisitions (M&A) flow.
The firm also saw an uptick in operating expenses in the period, partly due to the M&A surge. The presentation alluded to "significantly higher transaction-based expenses."
Revenues fell for fixed income, currency and commodities due to weakness in interest rate products and some other categories. However, this was partially offset by increases in commodities and currencies.
Revenues also rose in equities trading.
Increased volatility usually translates into higher trading revenues for Goldman.
Since US and Israeli forces attacked Iran on February 28, the surge in oil prices has dominated financial markets, often dictating trading dynamics in equities and other assets.
Solomon reiterated  that CEOs from large view the current period as a window of opportunity to executive major deals under President Donald Trump's administration after the preceding Biden administration took a highly skeptical view of industry consolidation.
"As I talk to CEOs, of course they're watching what's going on geopolitically, but that's also balanced by the fact they see an opportunity during this period of time to drive scale and scale creation in businesses," Solomon said. "And that candidly trumps the geopolitical risk."
Goldman shares, which had risen more than 11 percent between late March and last Friday, fell 3.5 percent in late-morning trading.
jmb/sms
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio