Title: Best CD rates today, April 23, 2026 (lock in up to 4.05% APY)
Date: 2026-04-23 10:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/personal-finance/banking/article/best-cd-rates-today-thursday-april-23-2026-100000257.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude. 
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
Allbirds' AI pivot shows signs of froth in markets, but experts say the underlying fundamentals in AI remain strong.
Dow leaps 850 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch new records in stunning rally amid US-Iran diplomacy hopes
Stocks climbed at the open and oil fell as Iran said the Strait of Hormuz is 'completely open'
The stock market has notched one of its fastest turnarounds in years
Europe is facing a severe jet fuel shortage, with 'maybe six weeks of jet fuel left'
Stocks rebound after Trump says Israel, Lebanon agreed to ceasefire
S&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq rise, with fresh records in view amid hopes for truce
Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions
S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses
The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company
S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled
Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher
US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI
JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks'
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Some offers on this page are from advertisers who pay us, which may affect which products we write about, but not our recommendations. See our Advertiser Disclosure.
Find out which banks are offering the best CD rates right now. If you’re looking for a secure place to store your savings, a certificate of deposit (CD) may be a great choice. These accounts often provide higher interest rates than traditional checking and savings accounts. However, CD rates can vary widely.
Learn more about where CD rates stand today and how to find the best rates available.
CD rates are relatively high compared to historical averages. That said, CD rates have been on the decline since last year when the Federal Reserve began cutting its target rate. The good news is that several financial institutions offer competitive rates of 4% APY and up, particularly online banks.
Today, the highest CD rate is 4.05% APY. This rate is offered by Marcus by Goldman Sachs on its 9-month CD.
Here is a look at some of the best CD rates available today from our verified partners:
The Federal Reserve began decreasing the federal funds rate in light of slowing inflation and an overall improved economic outlook. It cut its target rate three times in late 2024 by a total of one percentage point.
In December, the Fed announced its third rate cut of 2025 and additional cuts could be on the horizon in 2026. However, it's uncertain when that will happen and how many cuts the Fed plans to make.
The federal funds rate doesn’t directly impact deposit interest rates, though they are correlated. When the Fed lowers rates, financial institutions typically follow suit (and vice versa). So now that the Fed has lowered its rate, CD rates are beginning to fall again. That’s why now may be a good time to put your money in a CD and lock in today’s best rates.
The process for opening a CD account varies by financial institution. However, there are a few general steps you can expect to follow:
Research CD rates: One of the most important factors to consider when opening a CD is whether the account provides a competitive rate. You can easily compare CD rates online to find the best offers.
Choose an account that meets your needs: While a CD’s interest rate is a key consideration, it shouldn’t be the only one. You should also evaluate the CD’s term length, minimum opening deposit requirements, and fees to ensure a particular account fits your financial needs and goals. For example, you want to avoid choosing a CD term that’s too long, otherwise you’ll be subject to an early withdrawal penalty if you need to pull out your funds before the CD matures.
Get your documents ready: When opening a bank account, you will need to provide a few pieces of information, including your Social Security number, address, and driver’s license or passport number. Having these documents on hand will help streamline the application process.
Complete the application: These days, many financial institutions allow you to apply for an account online, though you might have to visit the branch in some cases. Either way, the application for a new CD should only take a few minutes to complete. And in many cases, you’ll get your approval decision instantly.
Fund the account: Once your CD application is approved, it’s time to fund the account. This can usually be done by transferring money from another account or mailing a check.
Read more: Step-by-step instructions for opening a CD
What factors should guide CD account selection?
Which banks offer the highest CD rates currently?
What steps are needed to open a CD?
How might Federal Reserve rate cuts affect CDs?