Title: Goldman Sachs Asset Management Announces Liquidation of Two Exchange-Traded Funds
Date: 2026-04-23 21:36
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/goldman-sachs-asset-management-announces-204000602.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude. 
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
Allbirds' AI pivot shows signs of froth in markets, but experts say the underlying fundamentals in AI remain strong.
Dow leaps 850 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch new records in stunning rally amid US-Iran diplomacy hopes
Stocks climbed at the open and oil fell as Iran said the Strait of Hormuz is 'completely open'
The stock market has notched one of its fastest turnarounds in years
Europe is facing a severe jet fuel shortage, with 'maybe six weeks of jet fuel left'
Stocks rebound after Trump says Israel, Lebanon agreed to ceasefire
S&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq rise, with fresh records in view amid hopes for truce
Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions
S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses
The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company
S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled
Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher
US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI
JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks'
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
NEW YORK, April 23, 2026--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Goldman Sachs Asset Management ("GSAM"), the investment adviser for the Goldman Sachs Access Municipal Bond ETF and Goldman Sachs Access Investment Grade Corporate 1-5 Year Bond ETF (each, a "Fund" and together, the "Funds"), announced today that the Funds’ Board of Trustees, at the recommendation of GSAM, has approved a plan of liquidation for each Fund (collectively, the "Plans"). Under the Plans, which are effective today, the Funds will begin the process of liquidating portfolio assets and unwinding their affairs in an orderly fashion over time. The Plans are not subject to shareholder approval.
Shareholders of the Funds may sell their shares on the Funds’ listing exchange, NYSE Arca, Inc. ("NYSE Arca"), until market close on June 3, 2026, and may incur transaction fees from their broker-dealer. The Funds’ shares will no longer trade on NYSE Arca after market close on June 3, 2026, and the shares will subsequently be de-listed. Shareholders who continue to hold shares of a Fund on the Funds’ liquidation date, which is expected to be on or about June 10, 2026, will receive a liquidating distribution of cash in the cash portion of their brokerage accounts equal to the amount of the net asset value ("NAV") of their shares. For tax purposes, shareholders will generally recognize a capital gain or loss equal to the amount received for their shares over their adjusted basis in such shares. The Funds will stop accepting creation orders from Authorized Participants on June 3, 2026.
About Goldman Sachs Asset Management
GSAM is the primary investing area within Goldman Sachs, delivering investment and advisory services across public and private markets for the world’s leading institutions, financial advisors, and individuals. The business is driven by a focus on partnership and shared success with its clients, seeking to deliver long-term investment performance drawing on its global network and deep expertise across industries and markets. GSAM is a leading investor across fixed income, liquidity, equity, alternatives, and multi-asset solutions. Goldman Sachs oversees approximately $3.7 trillion in assets under supervision as of March 31, 2026.1 Follow us on LinkedIn.
The Goldman Sachs Access Municipal Bond ETF (the "Fund") seeks to provide investment results that closely correspond, before fees and expenses, to the performance of the Bloomberg Municipal 1-17 Year ex AMT Index (the "Index"), which is designed to measure the performance of the municipal securities market with remaining maturities between one and seventeen years. The Fund may be more sensitive to adverse economic, business or political developments if it invests a substantial portion of its assets in bonds of similar projects or in particular types of municipal securities. The Fund’s investments are subject to the risks associated with debt securities generally, including credit, liquidity and interest rate. Because the Fund may concentrate its investments in an industry or group of industries to the extent that the Index is concentrated, the Fund may be subject to greater risk of loss as a result of adverse economic, business or other developments affecting that industry or group of industries. The Fund is not actively managed, and therefore the Fund will not generally dispose of a security unless the security is removed from the Index. The Fund’s investments are subject to market risk, which means that the value of the securities in which it invests may go up or down in response to the prospects of individual companies, particular sectors, governments or countries and/or general economic conditions in the U.S. or throughout the world. The Index calculation methodology may rely on information based on assumptions and estimates and neither the Fund, the index provider nor the investment adviser can guarantee the accuracy of the methodology’s assessment of issuers or valuation of securities or the availability or timeliness of the production of the Index. The Fund may invest in non-investment grade fixed income securities, which involve greater price volatility and present greater risks than higher rated fixed income securities. Because the Fund may invest a large percentage of its assets in particular states and sectors, the Fund is subject to greater risk of loss as a result of adverse economic, business or other developments affecting those states and sectors than if its investments were not so focused. The Fund may invest in bonds whose income may be subject to the federal alternative minimum tax. The Fund may be adversely impacted by changes in tax rates and policies, and is not suited for IRAs or other tax-exempt or deferred accounts. Performance may vary substantially from the performance of the Index as a result of transaction costs, expenses and other factors.
The Goldman Sachs Access Investment Grade Corporate 1-5 Year Bond ETF (the "Fund") seeks to provide investment results that closely correspond, before fees and expenses, to the performance of the FTSE Goldman Sachs US Investment-Grade Corporate Bond 1-5 Years Index (the "Index"), which is designed to measure the performance of investment grade, corporate bonds denominated in U.S. dollars with remaining maturities between one and five years that meet certain liquidity and fundamental screening criteria. The Fund’s investments are subject to the risks associated with debt securities generally, including credit, liquidity, interest rate, call and extension risk. Because the Fund may concentrate its investments in an industry or group of industries to the extent that the Index is concentrated, the Fund may be subject to greater risk of loss as a result of adverse economic, business or other developments affecting that industry or group of industries. Investments in foreign issuers may be more volatile and less liquid than investments in securities of U.S. issuers and are subject to the risks of currency fluctuations and adverse economic, social or political developments, including sanctions, counter-sanctions and other retaliatory actions. The Fund is not actively managed, and therefore the Fund will not generally dispose of a security unless the security is removed from the Index. The Fund’s investments are also subject to market risk, which means that the value of the securities in which it invests may go up or down in response to the prospects of individual companies, particular sectors or governments and/or general economic conditions. The Index calculation methodology may rely on information based on assumptions and estimates and neither the Fund, the index provider nor the investment adviser can guarantee the accuracy of the methodology’s valuation of securities or the availability or timeliness of the production of the Index. Performance may vary substantially from the performance of the Index as a result of transaction costs, expenses and other factors.
Fund shares are not individually redeemable and are issued and redeemed by a Fund at their NAV only in large, specified blocks of shares called creation units. Shares otherwise can be bought and sold only through exchange trading at market price (not NAV). Shares may trade at a premium or discount to their NAV in the secondary market. Brokerage commissions will reduce returns.
A summary prospectus, if available, or a Prospectus for each Fund containing more information may be obtained from your authorized dealer or from Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC by calling 1-800-621-2550. Please consider a Fund's objectives, risks, and charges and expenses, and read the summary prospectus, if available, and the Prospectus carefully before investing. The summary prospectus, if available, and the Prospectus contains this and other information about the Funds.
The Investment Company Act of 1940 (the "Act") imposes certain limits on investment companies purchasing or acquiring any security issued by another registered investment company. For these purposes the definition of "investment company" includes funds that are unregistered because they are excepted from the definition of investment company by sections 3(c)(1) and 3(c)(7) of the Act. You should consult your legal counsel for more information.
Goldman Sachs does not provide accounting, tax or legal advice.
© 2026 Goldman Sachs All rights reserved
NOT FDIC INSURED. MAY LOSE VALUE. NO BANK GUARANTEE. NOT INSURED BY ANY GOVERNMENT AGENCY.
ALPS Control: GST 3639
Compliance Code: 506079-OTU-2519504
Date of first use: 4/23/2026
1 Assets Under Supervision (AUS) includes assets under management and other client assets for which Goldman Sachs does not have full discretion.
View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20260423288324/en/
Contacts
Media Contacts: Victoria ZarellaTel: 212-902-5400
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio