Title: Goldman Sachs CEO David Solomon on Iran war, dealmaking uncertainty: 'Things rarely move in a straight line'
Date: 2026-04-13 16:50
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/article/goldman-sachs-ceo-david-solomon-on-iran-war-dealmaking-uncertainty-things-rarely-move-in-a-straight-line-165005358.html?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading
The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride.
Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started.
Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks
Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg)
Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week
Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be.
Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher
Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO
What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings
The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey.
Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026.
Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains.
Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire
US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October.
US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge
Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite
Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now
Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation.
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Goldman Sachs (GS) CEO David Solomon undertook a difficult balancing act this morning, saying the outlook for dealmaking this year remains promising despite ongoing concerns.
“2026 began with a degree of optimism with markets at record highs,” Solomon told analysts Monday morning, but added that “things rarely move in a straight line.”
What factors support Goldman's optimistic M&A outlook?
Why did Goldman increase credit loss provisions significantly?
What drove Goldman Sachs' record-breaking quarterly performance?
How is the Middle East conflict affecting dealmaking activity?
Solomon kicked off what could be a tricky earnings season for Wall Street CEOs. And Goldman Sachs’s results on Monday highlight the dynamic.
The bank reported its second-highest quarterly profit ever. Yet, following the release at market open, Goldman Sachs stock erased a more than 3% gain for 2026.
Read more:Live coverage of corporate earnings
Solomon ticked through the well-known worries across markets, including heightened uncertainty in private credit, the war in Iran, and ongoing concerns around AI disruption to software players.
However, he maintained that “the environment for investment banking activity continues to be incredibly robust, particularly, m&a activity.”
“Unless the overall environment got much, much worse, I don’t see that slowing, based on what we see at the moment,” Solomon said. But he noted that conflict in the Middle East has dampened IPO and sponsor activities.
“Broadly, we believe that activity levels will rebound once conditions stabilize,” Solomon added.
Wall Street dealmakers saw a lot of opportunities on the horizon at the beginning of the year as big corporations capitalize on the Trump administration’s deregulatory push. Private equity firms also need to realize their portfolio investments. And a number of big companies, including SpaceX (SPAX.PVT), Anthropic (ANTH.PVT), and OpenAI (OPAI.PVT), plan to go public later this year.
Goldman Sachs beat analyst expectations across its three main dealmaking businesses, bringing in over $900 million more revenue in the quarter, driven by an 89% jump in M&A advisory fees. It also notched a new record haul in stock trading fees.
On the other hand, its FICC trading business fell 10% for the same period, driven by “significantly lower net revenues in interest rate products, mortgages and credit products,” according to the company’s press release.
Goldman Sachs also set aside $315 million in provisions for credit losses during the quarter, a 10% increase from $287 million in the first quarter of last year.
Provisions in last year’s figure came mostly from the bank’s credit card portfolio. This quarter, Goldman Sachs said its higher credit loss provisions “primarily reflected growth and impairments related to wholesale loans.” Soloman added that those provisions were not related to the company’s private credit or FICC financing business.
“It’s been a long period of time without what I call a normal credit cycle, meaning a meaningful slowdown in the economy, or a recession,” Solomon said of credit conditions.
“Whenever you have a meaningful slowdown on the economy or a recession, you know there are higher loss levels in diversified credit portfolios,” he added.
David Hollerith is a senior reporter at Yahoo Finance covering the cryptocurrency and stock markets. Follow him on X at@DsHollers.
For the latest earnings reports and analysis, earnings whispers and expectations, and company earnings news, click here
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio