Title: Goldman Sachs Updates ASML Holding NV (ASML) Estimates
Date: 2026-04-23 09:46
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/goldman-sachs-updates-asml-holding-094642865.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude. 
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
Allbirds' AI pivot shows signs of froth in markets, but experts say the underlying fundamentals in AI remain strong.
Dow leaps 850 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch new records in stunning rally amid US-Iran diplomacy hopes
Stocks climbed at the open and oil fell as Iran said the Strait of Hormuz is 'completely open'
The stock market has notched one of its fastest turnarounds in years
Europe is facing a severe jet fuel shortage, with 'maybe six weeks of jet fuel left'
Stocks rebound after Trump says Israel, Lebanon agreed to ceasefire
S&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq rise, with fresh records in view amid hopes for truce
Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions
S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses
The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company
S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled
Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher
US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI
JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks'
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
ASML Holding NV (NASDAQ:ASML) is among the best 52-week high US stocks to buy. On April 16, Goldman Sachs increased its price target on ASML Holding NV (NASDAQ:ASML) to €1,570 from €1,450 while reiterating a Buy rating on the stock. For this action, Goldman Sachs pointed to the company’s strong Q1 2026 results and upbeat full-year 2026 outlook.
ASML released its Q1 results on April 15. The report showed net sales were €8.77 billion, above the consensus estimate of €8.5 billion. Net income of €2.76 billion also surpassed the consensus expectation of €2.54 billion.
The company boosted its full-year 2026 net sales projection to a range of €36 billion to €40 billion. The prior forecast called for net sales of €34 billion to €39 billion. ASML expects its 2026 gross margin to be between 51% and 53%. ASML supplies machines used for producing chips, including advanced chips for AI workloads.
In light of ASML’s Q1 results and 2026 guidance, Goldman Sachs raised its 2026-2030 revenue estimates for the company by 6% to 10%. Moreover, the investment bank boosted its gross profit estimates for ASML for the 2026-2030 period by 6% to 10%.
According to Goldman Sachs, ASML stands to benefit from continued strong demand for advanced chips and memory to power AI systems and other high-performance computing needs.
ASML Holding NV (NASDAQ:ASML) is a Dutch company that provides machines for manufacturing semiconductor chips. It supplies these machines to the world’s leading chipmakers like Intel, TSM, and Samsung. ASML’s manufacturing technology makes it possible to produce smaller chips at a faster rate and more efficiently.
While we acknowledge the potential of ASML as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock.
READ NEXT: 9 Must-Buy Penny Stocks to Invest In Now and 10 Best AI Stocks to Buy Under $25.
Disclosure: None. Follow Insider Monkey on Google News.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio