Title: Earnings Preview: What to Expect From Pfizer’s Report
Date: 2026-04-14 15:08
URL: https://www.barchart.com/story/news/1299301/earnings-preview-what-to-expect-from-pfizers-report?.tsrc=rss
Content:
All information and data in this article is solely for informational purposes. For more information please view the Barchart Disclosure Policyhere Share With a market cap of$155.5 billion, Pfizer Inc. (PFE) is one of the world’s largest biopharmaceutical companies, focused on discovering, developing, manufacturing, and commercializing medicines and vaccines. Headquartered in New York, Pfizer operates globally and plays a central role in addressing major health conditions across oncology, vaccines, immunology, cardiovascular, and rare diseases. The pharmaceutical giant is expected to announce its fiscalfirst-quarter earningsfor 2026 before the market opens on Sunday, May 5. Ahead of the event, analysts expect PFE to report aprofit of $0.74 per shareon a diluted basis, down 19.6% from$0.92 per sharein the year-ago quarter. The company has consistently surpassed Wall Street’s EPS estimates in its last four quarterly reports. For the current year, analysts expect PFE to report EPS of $2.98, down 7.5% from $3.22 in the prior year. Moreover, its EPS is expected to decline 5.4% year over year to $2.82 in fiscal 2027. PFE stock hassurged 24.8%over the past year, underperforming the S&P 500 Index’s ($SPX)28.4% gains. However, it surpassed the State Street Health Care Select Sector SPDR Fund’s (XLV)8.1% returnsover the same time frame. On Mar. 23, Pfizer and Valneva SE reportedPhase 3 resultsfor their Lyme disease vaccine candidate showing efficacy of around 73–75% in reducing confirmed cases after the fourth dose. While the primary endpoint was not fully met due to fewer-than-expected cases in the trial, the vaccine demonstrated clinically meaningful protection, and the companies plan to move forward with regulatory submissions, expressing confidence in its potential. Itsshares rose marginallyin the next trading session. Analysts’consensus opinion on PFE stockis cautious, with a “Hold” rating overall. Out of 28 analysts covering the stock, eight advise a “Strong Buy” rating, one suggests a “Moderate Buy,” 16 give a “Hold,” and three recommend a “Strong Sell.” PFE’s average analyst price target is $29.13, indicating a potential upside of 6.5% from the current price levels. Stocks:1520minute delay (Cboe BZX is real-time), ET. Volume reflects consolidated markets. Futures and Forex: 10 or 15 minute delay, CT.Market Datapowered by Barchart Solutions. Fundamental data provided by Zacks andMorningstar. © 2026 Barchart.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The content we make available on this website [and through our other channels] (the “Service”) was created, developed, compiled, prepared, revised, selected, and/or arranged by us, using our own methods and judgment, and through the expenditure of substantial time and effort. This Service and the content we make available are proprietary, and are protected by these Terms of Service (which is a contract between us and you), copyright laws, and other intellectual property laws and treaties. This Service is also protected as a collective work or compilation under U.S. copyright and other laws and treaties. We provide it for your personal, non-commercial use only. You may not use, and may not authorize any third party to use, this Service or any content we make available on this Service in any manner that (i) is a source of or substitute for the Service or the content; (ii) affects our ability to earn money in connection with the Service or the content; or (iii) competes with the Service we provide. These restrictions apply to any robot, spider, scraper, web crawler, or other automated means or any similar manual process, or any software used to access the Service. You further agree not to violate the restrictions in any robot exclusion headers of this Service, if any, or bypass or circumvent other measures employed to prevent or limit access to the Service by automated means.
