Title: Progress in Iran Talks Undercut Over Uranium, Hormuz Tolls
Date: 2026-05-21 20:07
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/energy/articles/progress-iran-talks-undercut-divide-181318165.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results The Trump administration plans to invest $2 billion in quantum computing, expanding its broader push into strategic industries The Dow clinched a record high as stocks rebounded on optimism for a US-Iran peace deal US stocks turned higher as oil prices fell on hopes of a US-Iran peace deal Quantum stocks jump as Trump administration doles out $2 billion in exchange for equity US stocks fell as oil prices rose amid doubts about US-Iran peace talks The bond market's signal to the Fed: Interest rates should be higher SpaceX files IPO prospectus, offering a rare look at the company's finances Nvidia beats earnings estimates, gives upbeat outlook on strong chip sales The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq rallied as oil fell and Nvidia earnings were on deck The ChatGPT maker is reportedly preparing to file for an IPO in the coming weeks, with plans to go public as early as September Oil plunges as Trump says US in 'final stages' of Iran deal After an unsteady start, stocks gained as oil prices fell and a bond sell-off paused S&P 500, Nasdaq rise in countdown to Nvidia results The chip giant is set to report results Wednesday as its stock climbs higher and rivals close in. Here's what to expect. The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq fell as bond yields surged amid rate hike concerns Google unveils biggest update to Search in 25 years, including AI agents Trump traded over $50 million in Big Tech stocks last quarter, selling Tesla and buying more Apple, new ethics disclosure shows US stocks slid at the open as bond yields rose and tech stocks extended their retreat AI is likely to concentrate power among corporate giants and leave everyone else further behind, Goldman Sachs says The S&P 500 and Nasdaq slipped as chip stocks fell and investors weighed inflation fears Elon Musk loses trial against OpenAI There are 3 issues that appear little changed after Trump's China summit US stocks rise as yields climb amid inflation worries America's CEOs call out where food prices are rising The housing market is starting to look K-shaped, too Anthropic's shadow IPO market is already flashing trillion-dollar prices Investors eye Nvidia, bond yields, and the next commodity supercycle Wall Street sees bubble-like euphoria in AI-fueled semiconductor rally Should you buy Series I bonds as inflation heats up again? Travel is still on, but rising costs reshape summer vacation plans Executives are blaming layoffs on AI, but research shows AI is 'not the main driver' of US labor slowdown. Intel announces a multiyear partnership deal with McLaren's F1 racing team Here are the most anticipated IPOs in 2026 History's weirdest bubbles have a message for the AI trade Kevin Warsh is set to take over leading the Fed amid one of the most dynamic economic backdrops in modern history Trump’s 'insane amount of trades' astonish Wall Street insiders (Bloomberg) SpaceX accelerates IPO timeline, targets market debut as early as June 12 (Reuters) The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq sank as US bond yields jumped to end a volatile week on a downbeat note The 30-year Treasury yield just broke to its highest level in almost 20 years Nasdaq leads dive in US stocks, with yields jumping amid inflation jitters Cerebras soared on its market debut. Here's how the company plans to take on Nvidia with a new approach to chip technology. Stocks gained, with the Dow closing above 50,000 and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq notching fresh records Cerebras stock surged 100% within minutes of trading in what is expected to be 2026's biggest IPO The Dow retook 50,000 and the S&P 500 topped 7,500 as the AI trade lifted stocks US stocks rise as Nvidia jumps, Trump-Xi summit kicks off Xi Jinping tells US CEOs that 'China's door will only open wider' Micron wiped out roughly $100 billion in market value at Tuesday’s low — and chip bulls still bought the dip Tech stocks led the S&P 500 and Nasdaq to record highs, while the Dow slipped The US Senate confirmed Kevin Warsh as the new chairman of the Federal Reserve with a final vote of 54-45 The 10-year Treasury yield hovered just below 4.5% after hot inflation data, raising concerns stocks could come under pressure (Bloomberg) -- Iran said the latest proposal from the US partly bridged the gap between the warring sides but comments from the Islamic Republic’s Supreme Leader about keeping Tehran’s uranium stockpile and a dispute over tolls in the Strait of Hormuz clouded the outlook for a breakthrough. Most Read from Bloomberg Spot the Difference: Putin Gets Trump Treatment From Xi in China Iran Says the US’s Latest Proposal Has ‘Narrowed the Gaps’ Modi’s Toffee Gift to Meloni Ignites Rally in Wrong Indian Stock Iran in Talks With Oman Over Permanent Hormuz Toll System Dow Average Climbs to Record on US-Iran Deal Hopes: Markets Wrap Tehran is in the process of responding to a text submitted by the US, which “has narrowed the gaps to some extent,” the semi-official Iranian Students’ News Agency reported on Thursday, without saying where it got the information. “Further narrowing requires an end to the temptation for war on Washington’s part.” While that signaled progress, a Reuters report that Supreme Leader Mojtaba Khamenei issued a directive that the country’s near-weapons-grade uranium should not be sent abroad initially sent oil prices higher. Then President Donald Trump said he opposed efforts by Iran and Oman to establish some form of permanent toll system through Hormuz. “We want it open, we want it free, we don’t want tolls,” Trump told reporters Thursday at the White House. “It’s an international waterway. They are not charging tolls right now.” Secretary of State Marco Rubio said that a toll system would make a deal with the US “unfeasible.” The conflicting statements on key issues left it unclear if the two sides were any closer to a deal after renewed threats of escalation in recent days. Oil prices swung in a wide range on Thursday as traders kept a close watch on whether peace talks would progress, resulting in an imminent return of oil flows via Hormuz. Brent crude prices were down more than 1.5% to trade below $104 a barrel after rising more than 3% earlier in the session. Global stockpiles of crude oil and products are being drawn down at a record pace this month, Goldman Sachs said, as the world’s supply buffer rapidly shrinks. The US has repeatedly demanded Tehran hand over its enriched uranium — fearing Iran could use it to build an atomic bomb — and commit to ending enrichment for at least a decade. Iranian leaders have balked at those terms in public, and the country’s President Masoud Pezeshkian said on Thursday “we will never back down” in talks. Trump Warning Trump on Wednesday had warned he may resume attacks soon if Iran didn’t agree to his terms, a threat he has made multiple times since a ceasefire took effect on April 8. “We’ll either have a deal or we’re going to do some things that are a little bit nasty,” he said. “But hopefully that won’t happen.” The outlook had appeared more positive after that, when Iran suggested differences were narrowing with the US over a 14-point text from several weeks ago. That proposal essentially suggested a short-term deal that would see Iran reopen the Strait of Hormuz and the US lift a blockade of Iranian ports, with the warring sides then going into deeper negotiations over Tehran’s nuclear program. Iran gave no indication of when it would formally answer the US. The Iranian foreign ministry reiterated it wants a commitment that fighting will end “on all fronts, including Lebanon.” It also called for the unfreezing of sanctioned assets. Nearly three months into the conflict, Pezeshkian has insisted his country was not on the brink of giving in. “Forcing Iran to surrender through coercion is nothing but an illusion,” he posted Wednesday on X. Pakistan Field Marshal Asim Munir, who acted as a mediator throughout the war, put off plans to visit Tehran on Thursday, Al Arabiya reported, after earlier reports that he would travel to the Iranian capital. Al Arabiya cited a “high-level source” without naming the person. Axios, citing unnamed sources, also reported that Trump and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu had a tense call on Tuesday. It didn’t give details on what the US leader told Netanyahu, who has said he doesn’t trust Iran to abide by any peace deal and has signaled that strikes on the Islamic Republic must resume at some point. Israel has argued that Iran’s military should be degraded further. The report came shortly after Trump told reporters that Netanyahu would “do whatever I want him to do.” Israel’s energy minister, Eli Cohen, said there would be no “sacred cow” in Iran if fighting restarted. “The next stage will entail hitting economic targets, energy sites - oil, gas and power stations,” he told Kim Baram radio on Wednesday. Another key point of contention is Lebanon, where Israel — whose attacks on Iran alongside the US started the war in late February — is fighting Tehran-backed Hezbollah militants. Israel has resisted the idea of pulling its troops out of the Arab country. A ceasefire on that front is fragile, with Israel and Hezbollah continuing attacks daily. --With assistance from Arsalan Shahla, Patrick Sykes, Eltaf Najafizada and Devika Krishna Kumar. (Adds latest comments by Rubio and Iran’s president, as well as a report on Pakistan’s Field Marshal not visiting Tehran.) Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek College Kids Don’t Want Your AI Courts Are Swamped With AI-Powered Do-It-Yourself Lawsuits Blame YouTube, Not Just Trump, for the End of Colbert’s Late Show ICE Raids Did Lasting Damage to American Businesses Been Sanctioned by the US Government? There’s a Guy for That ©2026 Bloomberg L.P. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
