Title: Stock Market News for May 21, 2026
Date: 2026-05-21 10:41
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/stock-market-news-may-21-104100152.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results The Trump administration plans to invest $2 billion in quantum computing, expanding its broader push into strategic industries The Dow clinched a record high as stocks rebounded on optimism for a US-Iran peace deal US stocks turned higher as oil prices fell on hopes of a US-Iran peace deal Quantum stocks jump as Trump administration doles out $2 billion in exchange for equity US stocks fell as oil prices rose amid doubts about US-Iran peace talks The bond market's signal to the Fed: Interest rates should be higher SpaceX files IPO prospectus, offering a rare look at the company's finances Nvidia beats earnings estimates, gives upbeat outlook on strong chip sales The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq rallied as oil fell and Nvidia earnings were on deck The ChatGPT maker is reportedly preparing to file for an IPO in the coming weeks, with plans to go public as early as September Oil plunges as Trump says US in 'final stages' of Iran deal After an unsteady start, stocks gained as oil prices fell and a bond sell-off paused S&P 500, Nasdaq rise in countdown to Nvidia results The chip giant is set to report results Wednesday as its stock climbs higher and rivals close in. Here's what to expect. The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq fell as bond yields surged amid rate hike concerns Google unveils biggest update to Search in 25 years, including AI agents Trump traded over $50 million in Big Tech stocks last quarter, selling Tesla and buying more Apple, new ethics disclosure shows US stocks slid at the open as bond yields rose and tech stocks extended their retreat AI is likely to concentrate power among corporate giants and leave everyone else further behind, Goldman Sachs says The S&P 500 and Nasdaq slipped as chip stocks fell and investors weighed inflation fears Elon Musk loses trial against OpenAI There are 3 issues that appear little changed after Trump's China summit US stocks rise as yields climb amid inflation worries America's CEOs call out where food prices are rising The housing market is starting to look K-shaped, too Anthropic's shadow IPO market is already flashing trillion-dollar prices Investors eye Nvidia, bond yields, and the next commodity supercycle Wall Street sees bubble-like euphoria in AI-fueled semiconductor rally Should you buy Series I bonds as inflation heats up again? Travel is still on, but rising costs reshape summer vacation plans Executives are blaming layoffs on AI, but research shows AI is 'not the main driver' of US labor slowdown. Intel announces a multiyear partnership deal with McLaren's F1 racing team Here are the most anticipated IPOs in 2026 History's weirdest bubbles have a message for the AI trade Kevin Warsh is set to take over leading the Fed amid one of the most dynamic economic backdrops in modern history Trump’s 'insane amount of trades' astonish Wall Street insiders (Bloomberg) SpaceX accelerates IPO timeline, targets market debut as early as June 12 (Reuters) The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq sank as US bond yields jumped to end a volatile week on a downbeat note The 30-year Treasury yield just broke to its highest level in almost 20 years Nasdaq leads dive in US stocks, with yields jumping amid inflation jitters Cerebras soared on its market debut. Here's how the company plans to take on Nvidia with a new approach to chip technology. Stocks gained, with the Dow closing above 50,000 and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq notching fresh records Cerebras stock surged 100% within minutes of trading in what is expected to be 2026's biggest IPO The Dow retook 50,000 and the S&P 500 topped 7,500 as the AI trade lifted stocks US stocks rise as Nvidia jumps, Trump-Xi summit kicks off Xi Jinping tells US CEOs that 'China's door will only open wider' Micron wiped out roughly $100 billion in market value at Tuesday’s low — and chip bulls still bought the dip Tech stocks led the S&P 500 and Nasdaq to record highs, while the Dow slipped The US Senate confirmed Kevin Warsh as the new chairman of the Federal Reserve with a final vote of 54-45 The 10-year Treasury yield hovered just below 4.5% after hot inflation data, raising concerns stocks could come under pressure Wall Street closed higher on Wednesday as investors assessed U.S.–Iran talks and reviewed Federal Reserve minutes that highlighted ongoing inflation concerns. The Nasdaq Composite, the S&P 500 and the Dow ended in positive territory. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJI) rose 1.3%, or 645.47 points, to close at 50,009.35. Twenty-two components of the 30-stock index ended in positive territory, while eight ended in negative territory.The major gainer of the Dow was The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. GS. The stock price of this financial services company rose 5.8%. The Goldman Sachs currently carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can see the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite advanced 1.6% to close at 26,270.36.The S&P 500 gained 1.1% or 79.36 points, to end at 7,432.97. Out of 11 broad sectors of the broad-market index, eight ended in positive territory, and three ended in negative territory. The Information Technology Select Sector SPDR (XLK), Materials Select Sector SPDR (XLB) and the Consumer Discretionary Select Sector SPDR (XLY) rose 1.9%, 1.4% and 2.5%, respectively, while the Energy Select Sector SPDR (XLE) fell 2.6%.The fear gauge, the CBOE Volatility Index (VIX), decreased 3.4% to 17.44. A total of 18.73 billion shares were traded on Wednesday, higher than the last 20-session average of 18.55 billion. The S&P 500 posted 19 new 52-week highs and 15 new lows, while the Nasdaq Composite recorded 220 new highs and 119 new lows. Iran continues communication with the United States through diplomatic channels, the Iranian foreign ministry said on Wednesday, according to a report by Reuters.President Donald Trump said that Washington is ready to give Iran a few more days to respond to a proposed deal, saying negotiations were in the final stages. The talks are being closely monitored amid ongoing concerns over Iran’s nuclear program and regional tensions. Minutes from the Federal Reserve’s April 28-29 meeting revealed that its officials are worried about rising inflation caused by higher energy costs and the global conflict. The Fed kept interest rates at 3.5%-3.75%. The central bank expects inflation to last longer and future decisions regarding interest rates to be based upon upcoming economic data, as well as labor market conditions. For the week ending May 15, 2026, U.S. commercial crude oil inventories (excluding those in the Strategic Petroleum Reserve) decreased by 7.9 million barrels from the week prior. The number for the previous week remained unrevised at a decrease of 4.3 million barrels. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (GS) : Free Stock Analysis Report This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com). Zacks Investment Research Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
