Title: 1 Financials Stock to Target This Week and 2 Facing Headwinds
Date: 2026-05-21 20:52
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/1-financials-stock-target-week-205255285.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results The Trump administration plans to invest $2 billion in quantum computing, expanding its broader push into strategic industries The Dow clinched a record high as stocks rebounded on optimism for a US-Iran peace deal US stocks turned higher as oil prices fell on hopes of a US-Iran peace deal Quantum stocks jump as Trump administration doles out $2 billion in exchange for equity US stocks fell as oil prices rose amid doubts about US-Iran peace talks The bond market's signal to the Fed: Interest rates should be higher SpaceX files IPO prospectus, offering a rare look at the company's finances Nvidia beats earnings estimates, gives upbeat outlook on strong chip sales The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq rallied as oil fell and Nvidia earnings were on deck The ChatGPT maker is reportedly preparing to file for an IPO in the coming weeks, with plans to go public as early as September Oil plunges as Trump says US in 'final stages' of Iran deal After an unsteady start, stocks gained as oil prices fell and a bond sell-off paused S&P 500, Nasdaq rise in countdown to Nvidia results The chip giant is set to report results Wednesday as its stock climbs higher and rivals close in. Here's what to expect. The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq fell as bond yields surged amid rate hike concerns Google unveils biggest update to Search in 25 years, including AI agents Trump traded over $50 million in Big Tech stocks last quarter, selling Tesla and buying more Apple, new ethics disclosure shows US stocks slid at the open as bond yields rose and tech stocks extended their retreat AI is likely to concentrate power among corporate giants and leave everyone else further behind, Goldman Sachs says The S&P 500 and Nasdaq slipped as chip stocks fell and investors weighed inflation fears Elon Musk loses trial against OpenAI There are 3 issues that appear little changed after Trump's China summit US stocks rise as yields climb amid inflation worries America's CEOs call out where food prices are rising The housing market is starting to look K-shaped, too Anthropic's shadow IPO market is already flashing trillion-dollar prices Investors eye Nvidia, bond yields, and the next commodity supercycle Wall Street sees bubble-like euphoria in AI-fueled semiconductor rally Should you buy Series I bonds as inflation heats up again? Travel is still on, but rising costs reshape summer vacation plans Executives are blaming layoffs on AI, but research shows AI is 'not the main driver' of US labor slowdown. Intel announces a multiyear partnership deal with McLaren's F1 racing team Here are the most anticipated IPOs in 2026 History's weirdest bubbles have a message for the AI trade Kevin Warsh is set to take over leading the Fed amid one of the most dynamic economic backdrops in modern history Trump’s 'insane amount of trades' astonish Wall Street insiders (Bloomberg) SpaceX accelerates IPO timeline, targets market debut as early as June 12 (Reuters) The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq sank as US bond yields jumped to end a volatile week on a downbeat note The 30-year Treasury yield just broke to its highest level in almost 20 years Nasdaq leads dive in US stocks, with yields jumping amid inflation jitters Cerebras soared on its market debut. Here's how the company plans to take on Nvidia with a new approach to chip technology. Stocks gained, with the Dow closing above 50,000 and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq notching fresh records Cerebras stock surged 100% within minutes of trading in what is expected to be 2026's biggest IPO The Dow retook 50,000 and the S&P 500 topped 7,500 as the AI trade lifted stocks US stocks rise as Nvidia jumps, Trump-Xi summit kicks off Xi Jinping tells US CEOs that 'China's door will only open wider' Micron wiped out roughly $100 billion in market value at Tuesday’s low — and chip bulls still bought the dip Tech stocks led the S&P 500 and Nasdaq to record highs, while the Dow slipped The US Senate confirmed Kevin Warsh as the new chairman of the Federal Reserve with a final vote of 54-45 The 10-year Treasury yield hovered just below 4.5% after hot inflation data, raising concerns stocks could come under pressure Financial firms serve as the backbone of the economy, providing essential services from lending and investment management to risk management and payment processing. Still, investors are uneasy as companies face challenges from an unpredictable interest rate and inflation environment. These doubts have certainly contributed to the indutry's recent underperformance - over the past six months, its 4.2% gain has fallen behind the S&P 500's 13.2% rise. Why is Nasdaq an attractive financial stock pick? How have financial stocks performed compared to broader market? Why is Goldman Sachs considered a risky investment? What makes PROG Holdings a concerning financial stock? The elite companies can churn out earnings growth under any circumstance, however, and our mission at StockStory is to help you find them. With that said, here is one financials stock boasting a durable advantage and two we’re steering clear of. Market Cap: $284.8 billion Founded in 1869 as a small commercial paper business in New York City, Goldman Sachs (NYSE:GS) is a global financial institution that provides investment banking, securities, asset management, and consumer banking services to corporations, governments, and individuals. Why Does GS Worry Us? Annual sales growth of 2.5% over the last five years lagged behind its financials peers as its large revenue base made it difficult to generate incremental demand Earnings growth underperformed the sector average over the last five years as its EPS grew by just 3.1% annually Large asset base makes it harder to grow tangible book value per share quickly, and its annual tangible book value per share growth of 5.9% over the last two years was below our standards for the financials sector Goldman Sachs is trading at $935.25 per share, or 15.9x forward P/E.Read our free research report to see why you should think twice about including GS in your portfolio, it’s free. Market Cap: $1.32 billion Evolving from its origins as Aaron's, Inc. before rebranding in 2020, PROG Holdings (NYSE:PRG) provides alternative payment solutions including lease-to-own options and second-look credit products for consumers who may not qualify for traditional financing. Why Is PRG Risky? Sales stagnated over the last five years and signal the need for new growth strategies Performance over the past five years shows each sale was less profitable, as its earnings per share fell by 5.4% annually Annual tangible book value per share declines of 62.4% for the past five years show its capital management struggled during this cycle At $33.04 per share, PROG trades at 7.6x forward P/E.If you’re considering PRG for your portfolio, see our FREE research report to learn more. Market Cap: $52.02 billion Originally founded in 1971 as the world's first electronic stock market, Nasdaq (NASDAQ:NDAQ) operates global exchanges and provides technology, data, and corporate services that help companies, investors, and financial institutions navigate capital markets. Why Is NDAQ Interesting? Market share has increased this cycle as its 15% annual revenue growth over the last two years was exceptional Earnings per share grew by 14.8% annually over the last two years and topped the peer group average Market-beating return on equity illustrates that management has a knack for investing in profitable ventures Nasdaq’s stock price of $92.32 implies a valuation ratio of 23x forward P/E. Is now the right time to buy?Find out in our full research report, it’s free. ALSO WORTH WATCHING: Top 5 Momentum Stocks.The best time to own a great stock is when the market is finally noticing it. These aren't just high-quality businesses. Something is happening with them right now. Elite fundamentals meeting near-term momentum - both boxes checked at the same time. Find out which stocks our AI platform is flagging this week. See this week's Strong Momentum stocks - FREE.Get Our Strong Momentum Stocks for Free HERE. Stocks that made our list in 2020 include now familiar names such as Nvidia (+1,326% between June 2020 and June 2025) as well as under-the-radar businesses like the once-small-cap company Exlservice (+354% five-year return).Find your next big winner with StockStory today. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
