Title: Oil Falls for Third Day as Traders Parse Status of US-Iran Talks
Date: 2026-05-21 19:16
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/energy/articles/oil-edges-plunging-optimism-over-001635501.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results The Trump administration plans to invest $2 billion in quantum computing, expanding its broader push into strategic industries The Dow clinched a record high as stocks rebounded on optimism for a US-Iran peace deal US stocks turned higher as oil prices fell on hopes of a US-Iran peace deal Quantum stocks jump as Trump administration doles out $2 billion in exchange for equity US stocks fell as oil prices rose amid doubts about US-Iran peace talks The bond market's signal to the Fed: Interest rates should be higher SpaceX files IPO prospectus, offering a rare look at the company's finances Nvidia beats earnings estimates, gives upbeat outlook on strong chip sales The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq rallied as oil fell and Nvidia earnings were on deck The ChatGPT maker is reportedly preparing to file for an IPO in the coming weeks, with plans to go public as early as September Oil plunges as Trump says US in 'final stages' of Iran deal After an unsteady start, stocks gained as oil prices fell and a bond sell-off paused S&P 500, Nasdaq rise in countdown to Nvidia results The chip giant is set to report results Wednesday as its stock climbs higher and rivals close in. Here's what to expect. The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq fell as bond yields surged amid rate hike concerns Google unveils biggest update to Search in 25 years, including AI agents Trump traded over $50 million in Big Tech stocks last quarter, selling Tesla and buying more Apple, new ethics disclosure shows US stocks slid at the open as bond yields rose and tech stocks extended their retreat AI is likely to concentrate power among corporate giants and leave everyone else further behind, Goldman Sachs says The S&P 500 and Nasdaq slipped as chip stocks fell and investors weighed inflation fears Elon Musk loses trial against OpenAI There are 3 issues that appear little changed after Trump's China summit US stocks rise as yields climb amid inflation worries America's CEOs call out where food prices are rising The housing market is starting to look K-shaped, too Anthropic's shadow IPO market is already flashing trillion-dollar prices Investors eye Nvidia, bond yields, and the next commodity supercycle Wall Street sees bubble-like euphoria in AI-fueled semiconductor rally Should you buy Series I bonds as inflation heats up again? Travel is still on, but rising costs reshape summer vacation plans Executives are blaming layoffs on AI, but research shows AI is 'not the main driver' of US labor slowdown. Intel announces a multiyear partnership deal with McLaren's F1 racing team Here are the most anticipated IPOs in 2026 History's weirdest bubbles have a message for the AI trade Kevin Warsh is set to take over leading the Fed amid one of the most dynamic economic backdrops in modern history Trump’s 'insane amount of trades' astonish Wall Street insiders (Bloomberg) SpaceX accelerates IPO timeline, targets market debut as early as June 12 (Reuters) The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq sank as US bond yields jumped to end a volatile week on a downbeat note The 30-year Treasury yield just broke to its highest level in almost 20 years Nasdaq leads dive in US stocks, with yields jumping amid inflation jitters Cerebras soared on its market debut. Here's how the company plans to take on Nvidia with a new approach to chip technology. Stocks gained, with the Dow closing above 50,000 and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq notching fresh records Cerebras stock surged 100% within minutes of trading in what is expected to be 2026's biggest IPO The Dow retook 50,000 and the S&P 500 topped 7,500 as the AI trade lifted stocks US stocks rise as Nvidia jumps, Trump-Xi summit kicks off Xi Jinping tells US CEOs that 'China's door will only open wider' Micron wiped out roughly $100 billion in market value at Tuesday’s low — and chip bulls still bought the dip Tech stocks led the S&P 500 and Nasdaq to record highs, while the Dow slipped The US Senate confirmed Kevin Warsh as the new chairman of the Federal Reserve with a final vote of 54-45 The 10-year Treasury yield hovered just below 4.5% after hot inflation data, raising concerns stocks could come under pressure (Bloomberg) -- Oil extended declines for a third day as investors speculated on whether the US and Iran are closing in on a peace deal that could lead to a resumption of flows through the vital Strait of Hormuz. Most Read from Bloomberg Spot the Difference: Putin Gets Trump Treatment From Xi in China Iran Says the US’s Latest Proposal Has ‘Narrowed the Gaps’ Modi’s Toffee Gift to Meloni Ignites Rally in Wrong Indian Stock Iran in Talks With Oman Over Permanent Hormuz Toll System Dow Average Climbs to Record on US-Iran Deal Hopes: Markets Wrap West Texas Intermediate slipped 1.9% to settle around $96 a barrel, the lowest in almost two weeks, as both sides on Thursday signaled progress toward a permanent ceasefire and potential reopening of the waterway. US President Donald Trump has repeatedly said an agreement was close since a truce began in early April, though no breakthrough has yet materialized. The commodity reversed some losses in post-settlement trading after Iranian President Masoud Pezeshkian said the country “won’t back down” in talks. Futures have been highly sensitive to headlines around the status of peace talks in recent days, with traders wary of being caught wrong-footed by a sudden resolution. Earlier in the session, prices were jostled over whether a directive had been issued on Iran’s intention to keep its weapons grade uranium inside the country. “The longer the ceasefire holds without escalation, the more the market leans toward a diplomatic outcome, even as timelines extend and inventories tighten,” said Rebecca Babin, senior energy trader at CIBC Private Wealth Group. Despite today’s bearish tone, oil prices remain nearly 40% higher than before the war began. The virtual closure of the critical global energy shipping route has driven energy prices sharply higher and triggered a global selloff in government bonds as inflationary pressures intensify. A majority of market participants expect futures to carry a lasting risk premium for years to come because of structural shifts triggered by the war, according to a survey by Bloomberg Intelligence. One such potential shift: Iran is discussing a permanent toll framework with Oman that would formalize greater control over maritime traffic through the strait. Still, traders have consistently priced in the possibility of an abrupt deescalation, including a deal under which Iran reopens the key shipping lane and unlocks millions of barrels stuck in the Persian Gulf. The strait needs to reopen by the end of June to prevent a significant increase in oil prices, Sen added. Already, global stockpiles of crude oil and products are being drawn down at a record pace this month as the war drags on, curtailing supplies, according to Goldman Sachs Group Inc. On Wednesday, US crude inventories including strategic reserves posted the biggest decline on record, as record American exports help keep markets supplied overseas. Even if the Iran conflict ended immediately, Middle East oil flows would not fully recover until well into 2027, Abu Dhabi National Oil Co. Chief Executive Officer Sultan Al Jaber said Wednesday. The Strait of Hormuz closure was the market’s most severe supply disruption on record, he said. There are signs that some of the market’s worst fears around supply are being averted for now. Low-cost European airline EasyJet Plc said on Thursday that it has seen no issues with jet fuel supply and has no concerns about its ability to fly its planned schedule over the summer. “The supply chain going out 4-6 weeks looks absolutely fine,” Chief Executive Officer Kenton Jarvis said in a Bloomberg TV interview. “What we’re also hearing is that the increase in production in many countries means that the diversification of fuel away from the Gulf region is being successful.” Daily newsletter in your inbox, click here. --With assistance from Rong Wei Neo. Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek College Kids Don’t Want Your AI Courts Are Swamped With AI-Powered Do-It-Yourself Lawsuits Blame YouTube, Not Just Trump, for the End of Colbert’s Late Show ICE Raids Did Lasting Damage to American Businesses Been Sanctioned by the US Government? There’s a Guy for That ©2026 Bloomberg L.P. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
