Title: Circular AI Boom Goes Global as Asia Windfall Funds Hyperscalers
Date: 2026-05-21 10:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/economy/articles/circular-ai-boom-goes-global-052414065.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results The Trump administration plans to invest $2 billion in quantum computing, expanding its broader push into strategic industries The Dow clinched a record high as stocks rebounded on optimism for a US-Iran peace deal US stocks turned higher as oil prices fell on hopes of a US-Iran peace deal Quantum stocks jump as Trump administration doles out $2 billion in exchange for equity US stocks fell as oil prices rose amid doubts about US-Iran peace talks The bond market's signal to the Fed: Interest rates should be higher SpaceX files IPO prospectus, offering a rare look at the company's finances Nvidia beats earnings estimates, gives upbeat outlook on strong chip sales The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq rallied as oil fell and Nvidia earnings were on deck The ChatGPT maker is reportedly preparing to file for an IPO in the coming weeks, with plans to go public as early as September Oil plunges as Trump says US in 'final stages' of Iran deal After an unsteady start, stocks gained as oil prices fell and a bond sell-off paused S&P 500, Nasdaq rise in countdown to Nvidia results The chip giant is set to report results Wednesday as its stock climbs higher and rivals close in. Here's what to expect. The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq fell as bond yields surged amid rate hike concerns Google unveils biggest update to Search in 25 years, including AI agents Trump traded over $50 million in Big Tech stocks last quarter, selling Tesla and buying more Apple, new ethics disclosure shows US stocks slid at the open as bond yields rose and tech stocks extended their retreat AI is likely to concentrate power among corporate giants and leave everyone else further behind, Goldman Sachs says The S&P 500 and Nasdaq slipped as chip stocks fell and investors weighed inflation fears Elon Musk loses trial against OpenAI There are 3 issues that appear little changed after Trump's China summit US stocks rise as yields climb amid inflation worries America's CEOs call out where food prices are rising The housing market is starting to look K-shaped, too Anthropic's shadow IPO market is already flashing trillion-dollar prices Investors eye Nvidia, bond yields, and the next commodity supercycle Wall Street sees bubble-like euphoria in AI-fueled semiconductor rally Should you buy Series I bonds as inflation heats up again? Travel is still on, but rising costs reshape summer vacation plans Executives are blaming layoffs on AI, but research shows AI is 'not the main driver' of US labor slowdown. Intel announces a multiyear partnership deal with McLaren's F1 racing team Here are the most anticipated IPOs in 2026 History's weirdest bubbles have a message for the AI trade Kevin Warsh is set to take over leading the Fed amid one of the most dynamic economic backdrops in modern history Trump’s 'insane amount of trades' astonish Wall Street insiders (Bloomberg) SpaceX accelerates IPO timeline, targets market debut as early as June 12 (Reuters) The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq sank as US bond yields jumped to end a volatile week on a downbeat note The 30-year Treasury yield just broke to its highest level in almost 20 years Nasdaq leads dive in US stocks, with yields jumping amid inflation jitters Cerebras soared on its market debut. Here's how the company plans to take on Nvidia with a new approach to chip technology. Stocks gained, with the Dow closing above 50,000 and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq notching fresh records Cerebras stock surged 100% within minutes of trading in what is expected to be 2026's biggest IPO The Dow retook 50,000 and the S&P 500 topped 7,500 as the AI trade lifted stocks US stocks rise as Nvidia jumps, Trump-Xi summit kicks off Xi Jinping tells US CEOs that 'China's door will only open wider' Micron wiped out roughly $100 billion in market value at Tuesday’s low — and chip bulls still bought the dip Tech stocks led the S&P 500 and Nasdaq to record highs, while the Dow slipped The US Senate confirmed Kevin Warsh as the new chairman of the Federal Reserve with a final vote of 54-45 The 10-year Treasury yield hovered just below 4.5% after hot inflation data, raising concerns stocks could come under pressure (Bloomberg) -- The windfall earned by Asian chip makers is coursing through the world economy, mirroring on a global scale the circular flow of money within the AI ecosystem. Most Read from Bloomberg Spot the Difference: Putin Gets Trump Treatment From Xi in China Modi’s Toffee Gift to Meloni Ignites Rally in Wrong Indian Stock Goldman CEO Slides Into Musk’s DMs During Bid to Lead SpaceX IPO Iran Threatens to Retaliate Beyond Middle East If US Attacks Nvidia Tells Skeptical Investors AI Is Ready to Go Mainstream The artificial intelligence boom is generating unprecedented amounts of cash for the likes of South Korea and Taiwan, which in turn is creating a narrower version of the Asian savings glut that kept US borrowing costs low through the late 1990s and early 2000s. That’s according to a new note from Oxford Economics examining how technology-producing economies are converting export earnings into external surpluses faster than domestic investment can absorb them. The US sources more than 55% of imported high-tech products from Asia, it said. Some of that capital is finding its way back into dollar assets, Head of Asia Economics Louise Loo wrote in the note. Such investments indirectly support the financial conditions that help fund capital spending by big tech companies known as hyperscalers, a group that includes Alphabet Inc., Meta Platforms Inc., Microsoft Corp. and Amazon.com. “This framework of Asian savings recycled into US assets echoes Bernanke’s savings-glut framework two decades ago,” Loo wrote in the note, referencing a theory popularized by former US Federal Reserve Chair Ben Bernanke. But “today’s AI-linked version of Asian surplus recycling is narrower and more concentrated.” For much of North Asia, surging chip exports have overwhelmed the drag from higher energy prices stemming from the Iran war. That’s fueling the fastest economic growth in decades in Taiwan and boosting Japan’s and South Korea’s tech-heavy economies, too. It’s also creating a windfall for companies including Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. — the main chipmaker to Nvidia Corp. and Apple Inc. — and Samsung Electronics Co., which saw a 48-fold jump in profits for its semiconductor arm in the first quarter. At the macro level, the boom is generating massive imbalances. Data Wednesday showed Taiwan’s current account surplus jumped 111% from a year earlier to $62.5 billion in the first quarter. And there’s no sign of chip demand slowing just yet, with export figures Thursday from South Korea for the first 20 days of May jumping nearly 53% from a year earlier when adjusted for working day differences. The excess earnings amassed by Asia’s biggest economies now far exceed the surpluses accumulated by Gulf Arab economies, which were once a pillar of a petrodollar system that relies on pricing crude exports in the US currency. “De-dollarization is more likely to be determined by how Northeast Asia deals with its surpluses than by reduced petrodollar recycling in the Middle East,” Gavekal Research said in a note. But the concentration of surplus formation in a handful of upstream Asian tech economies and final demand among US hyperscalers also creates potential vulnerabilities. “This financial recycling loop is powerful but could be exposed to a turn in the US-led AI cycle, FX pressures, and growing domestic institutional balance sheet risks,” Loo warned in the note. The biggest US tech firms now plan to spend as much as $725 billion this year on capital expenditures, primarily on AI data center equipment. And Asia is critical to those investment plans. The US gets more than 55% of imported advanced-technology products from Asia, reflecting production niches that are difficult for other regions to replicate, Loo notes. Taiwan, South Korea and Japan are benefiting at the high end thanks to years of accumulated expertise and spending on research and development. Meantime, India, Vietnam, Malaysia and other parts of Southeast Asia are taking advantage as companies adopt a China-plus-one strategy to diversify their supply. While the investment boom may fuel upside gains for Asia’s exports and growth, the transmission to the broader economies will be constrained by factors including reliance on imported equipment, foreign ownership and the capital intensity and geographic concentration of production, Oxford Economics said. Loo estimates that every additional $100 of US AI-linked hardware imports could raise gross domestic product across the main Asian suppliers by $35. The main beneficiaries are Taiwan, China, South Korea, and Vietnam, Loo said. In a note last week, Goldman Sachs Group Inc. economists led by Andrew Tilton argued the tech-export surge is creating what it called the “AI-driven super surplus” in current accounts above 10% of gross domestic product in Korea in 2026 and to over 20% of GDP in Taiwan. So far, Korea’s surplus has been recycled mainly into overseas equities and Taiwan’s into FX deposits, according to the Goldman analysts, but appreciation pressure may be building. Oxford’s Loo draws a similar conclusion. “Policy intervention and portfolio outflows can manage the consequent currency appreciation pressure for a time, but as external claims rise relative to GDP, the tension between external fundamentals and prevailing exchange-rate settings will become harder for policymakers to ignore,” Loo wrote. (Updates with detail from report in third paragraph.) Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek College Kids Don’t Want Your AI Courts Are Swamped With AI-Powered Do-It-Yourself Lawsuits The AI Boom Is a Dilemma for Retail Investors Been Sanctioned by the US Government? There’s a Guy for That Elon Musk Really Needs Starship to Work This Time ©2026 Bloomberg L.P. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
