Title: Inside SpaceX's IPO: Goldman Sachs takes prestigious lead spot while Morgan Stanley plays a major role for retail investors
Date: 2026-05-21 14:36
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/article/inside-spacexs-ipo-goldman-sachs-takes-prestigious-lead-spot-while-morgan-stanley-plays-a-major-role-for-retail-investors-143633819.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results The Trump administration plans to invest $2 billion in quantum computing, expanding its broader push into strategic industries The Dow clinched a record high as stocks rebounded on optimism for a US-Iran peace deal US stocks turned higher as oil prices fell on hopes of a US-Iran peace deal Quantum stocks jump as Trump administration doles out $2 billion in exchange for equity US stocks fell as oil prices rose amid doubts about US-Iran peace talks The bond market's signal to the Fed: Interest rates should be higher SpaceX files IPO prospectus, offering a rare look at the company's finances Nvidia beats earnings estimates, gives upbeat outlook on strong chip sales The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq rallied as oil fell and Nvidia earnings were on deck The ChatGPT maker is reportedly preparing to file for an IPO in the coming weeks, with plans to go public as early as September Oil plunges as Trump says US in 'final stages' of Iran deal After an unsteady start, stocks gained as oil prices fell and a bond sell-off paused S&P 500, Nasdaq rise in countdown to Nvidia results The chip giant is set to report results Wednesday as its stock climbs higher and rivals close in. Here's what to expect. The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq fell as bond yields surged amid rate hike concerns Google unveils biggest update to Search in 25 years, including AI agents Trump traded over $50 million in Big Tech stocks last quarter, selling Tesla and buying more Apple, new ethics disclosure shows US stocks slid at the open as bond yields rose and tech stocks extended their retreat AI is likely to concentrate power among corporate giants and leave everyone else further behind, Goldman Sachs says The S&P 500 and Nasdaq slipped as chip stocks fell and investors weighed inflation fears Elon Musk loses trial against OpenAI There are 3 issues that appear little changed after Trump's China summit US stocks rise as yields climb amid inflation worries America's CEOs call out where food prices are rising The housing market is starting to look K-shaped, too Anthropic's shadow IPO market is already flashing trillion-dollar prices Investors eye Nvidia, bond yields, and the next commodity supercycle Wall Street sees bubble-like euphoria in AI-fueled semiconductor rally Should you buy Series I bonds as inflation heats up again? Travel is still on, but rising costs reshape summer vacation plans Executives are blaming layoffs on AI, but research shows AI is 'not the main driver' of US labor slowdown. Intel announces a multiyear partnership deal with McLaren's F1 racing team Here are the most anticipated IPOs in 2026 History's weirdest bubbles have a message for the AI trade Kevin Warsh is set to take over leading the Fed amid one of the most dynamic economic backdrops in modern history Trump’s 'insane amount of trades' astonish Wall Street insiders (Bloomberg) SpaceX accelerates IPO timeline, targets market debut as early as June 12 (Reuters) The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq sank as US bond yields jumped to end a volatile week on a downbeat note The 30-year Treasury yield just broke to its highest level in almost 20 years Nasdaq leads dive in US stocks, with yields jumping amid inflation jitters Cerebras soared on its market debut. Here's how the company plans to take on Nvidia with a new approach to chip technology. Stocks gained, with the Dow closing above 50,000 and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq notching fresh records Cerebras stock surged 100% within minutes of trading in what is expected to be 2026's biggest IPO The Dow retook 50,000 and the S&P 500 topped 7,500 as the AI trade lifted stocks US stocks rise as Nvidia jumps, Trump-Xi summit kicks off Xi Jinping tells US CEOs that 'China's door will only open wider' Micron wiped out roughly $100 billion in market value at Tuesday’s low — and chip bulls still bought the dip Tech stocks led the S&P 500 and Nasdaq to record highs, while the Dow slipped The US Senate confirmed Kevin Warsh as the new chairman of the Federal Reserve with a final vote of 54-45 The 10-year Treasury yield hovered just below 4.5% after hot inflation data, raising concerns stocks could come under pressure SpaceX (SPAX.PVT) has finally given investors their first look at its massive IPO, setting up what could be one of the most lucrative stock listings ever handled by Wall Street banks. The rocket maker’s preliminary S-1 filingofferedan inside look at Wall Street’s lineup behind a reported $75 billion share sale. An offering of that size would shatter the world’s previous IPO record, a $26 billion raise set by Saudi Aramco in 2019. How will retail investors access SpaceX shares? What makes SpaceX's IPO potentially record-breaking in size? Why did Goldman Sachs secure the lead position? What fees could investment banks earn from SpaceX IPO? Goldman Sachs (GS) and Morgan Stanley (MS) will serve as the two lead investment banks on the IPO, which includes a total of 23 investment banks. It’s far from clear what fees any Wall Street firm stands to make from the transaction. But hypothetically, the deal would be a cash cow to banks. Based on the listing size, the total fee pool for bankers could range anywhere between $800 million and more than $1 billion, according to Yahoo Finance’s estimate. With its name appearing first on the list of banks advising and underwriting the offering, Goldman Sachs landed the coveted “lead left” position. The role garners prized status on Wall Street, which means bragging rights for the investment banking giant. A bank in that position holds the most prominent IPO adviser role leading up to the day of a company’s listing. It comes with extra responsibility, often the biggest financial stake in the deal, and ultimately the key role for telling the company’s market story, according to Joseph Lucosky, managing partner with capital markets focused law firm Lucosky Brookman LLP. The lead left bank’s job is to oversee all bookrunning ahead of an IPO. This includes planning around how many shares potential institutional investors want to buy and drafting the company’s regulatory filing. That means it also calls the shots on day one share allocations, which is expected to be very complicated in a deal of this magnitude. Morgan Stanley, seen as a longtime Wall Street ally to SpaceX CEO Elon Musk, is playing an important role as “stabilization agent,” according to the filing. Its core responsibility is overseeing the stock’s early trading, including stabilizing the stock price through a range of activities subject to securities rules. Additionally, Morgan Stanley holds a special role for SpaceX’s retail investor allocation by running its directed share program, an IPO share pool normally reserved for company-designated participants, according to a person familiar with the matter. SpaceX is also planning a broader share allocation to everyday investors through Morgan Stanley’s E-Trade and other investing platforms, including Charles Schwab (SCHW), Fidelity, Robinhood (HOOD), and SoFi (SOFI). SpaceX hasn’t disclosed its total allocation to retail investors yet, but Musk may allocate as much as 30%, according toReuters. That portion would be roughly three times what’s normally set aside in an IPO for everyday investors. Morgan Stanley has stood as a core Wall Street ally in financing Musk’s businesses. Along with Goldman Sachs, it helped lead the IPO for Musk’s Tesla (TSLA) in 2010. The Wall Street bank’s ties deepened with the billionaire in 2022 when it helped arrange the billionaire’s takeover of social media platform Twitter, now known as X. That deal remains one of the most visible and controversial leveraged buyouts in recent years. It became painful for Morgan Stanley and other banks that were saddled with the leveraged loans when the social media platform’s value plunged. But fortunes turned in 2025 as the value of the loans recovered with the election victory of then-Musk ally President Trump. Morgan Stanley banker Michael Grimes, another key Musk ally, followed the world’s richest man to D.C. when Musk became head of a Trump administration initiative, the Department of Government Efficiency. Grimes returned to Morgan Stanley as investment banking chair last February. SpaceX hasn’t yet disclosed banker fees, though Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley are expected to rake in huge payouts. While Goldman also served as lead left in Tesla’s IPO, the hierarchy is notable given Morgan Stanley’s close ties to Musk. “When a deal of this size and magnitude goes to one bank over another, the Street notices,” Lucosky added. Beyond clout, traders have already earned profits backing Goldman for the lead left position. A nearly $2 millionwageron predictions market Polymarket held Morgan Stanley as the most likely contender for the lead position until earlier this month. On May 12, the odds swung heavily in favor of Goldman Sachs. The two banks will be racing for the top spots throughout 2026 in what’s shaping up to be a major IPO year. OpenAI (OPAI.PVT) isreportedly planningto go public as early as September, with Claude maker Anthropic (ANTH.PVT) following close on its heels. David Hollerith covers the financial sector. Email him at david.hollerith@yahoofinance.com. Follow him on X at @DsHollers. Click here for in-depth analysis of the latest stock market news and events moving stock prices Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
