Title: Dimming Risk Appetites Welcome Development for US Equity Bulls
Date: 2026-05-21 16:40
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dimming-risk-appetites-welcome-development-164015348.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results The Trump administration plans to invest $2 billion in quantum computing, expanding its broader push into strategic industries The Dow clinched a record high as stocks rebounded on optimism for a US-Iran peace deal US stocks turned higher as oil prices fell on hopes of a US-Iran peace deal Quantum stocks jump as Trump administration doles out $2 billion in exchange for equity US stocks fell as oil prices rose amid doubts about US-Iran peace talks The bond market's signal to the Fed: Interest rates should be higher SpaceX files IPO prospectus, offering a rare look at the company's finances Nvidia beats earnings estimates, gives upbeat outlook on strong chip sales The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq rallied as oil fell and Nvidia earnings were on deck The ChatGPT maker is reportedly preparing to file for an IPO in the coming weeks, with plans to go public as early as September Oil plunges as Trump says US in 'final stages' of Iran deal After an unsteady start, stocks gained as oil prices fell and a bond sell-off paused S&P 500, Nasdaq rise in countdown to Nvidia results The chip giant is set to report results Wednesday as its stock climbs higher and rivals close in. Here's what to expect. The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq fell as bond yields surged amid rate hike concerns Google unveils biggest update to Search in 25 years, including AI agents Trump traded over $50 million in Big Tech stocks last quarter, selling Tesla and buying more Apple, new ethics disclosure shows US stocks slid at the open as bond yields rose and tech stocks extended their retreat AI is likely to concentrate power among corporate giants and leave everyone else further behind, Goldman Sachs says The S&P 500 and Nasdaq slipped as chip stocks fell and investors weighed inflation fears Elon Musk loses trial against OpenAI There are 3 issues that appear little changed after Trump's China summit US stocks rise as yields climb amid inflation worries America's CEOs call out where food prices are rising The housing market is starting to look K-shaped, too Anthropic's shadow IPO market is already flashing trillion-dollar prices Investors eye Nvidia, bond yields, and the next commodity supercycle Wall Street sees bubble-like euphoria in AI-fueled semiconductor rally Should you buy Series I bonds as inflation heats up again? Travel is still on, but rising costs reshape summer vacation plans Executives are blaming layoffs on AI, but research shows AI is 'not the main driver' of US labor slowdown. Intel announces a multiyear partnership deal with McLaren's F1 racing team Here are the most anticipated IPOs in 2026 History's weirdest bubbles have a message for the AI trade Kevin Warsh is set to take over leading the Fed amid one of the most dynamic economic backdrops in modern history Trump’s 'insane amount of trades' astonish Wall Street insiders (Bloomberg) SpaceX accelerates IPO timeline, targets market debut as early as June 12 (Reuters) The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq sank as US bond yields jumped to end a volatile week on a downbeat note The 30-year Treasury yield just broke to its highest level in almost 20 years Nasdaq leads dive in US stocks, with yields jumping amid inflation jitters Cerebras soared on its market debut. Here's how the company plans to take on Nvidia with a new approach to chip technology. Stocks gained, with the Dow closing above 50,000 and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq notching fresh records Cerebras stock surged 100% within minutes of trading in what is expected to be 2026's biggest IPO The Dow retook 50,000 and the S&P 500 topped 7,500 as the AI trade lifted stocks US stocks rise as Nvidia jumps, Trump-Xi summit kicks off Xi Jinping tells US CEOs that 'China's door will only open wider' Micron wiped out roughly $100 billion in market value at Tuesday’s low — and chip bulls still bought the dip Tech stocks led the S&P 500 and Nasdaq to record highs, while the Dow slipped The US Senate confirmed Kevin Warsh as the new chairman of the Federal Reserve with a final vote of 54-45 The 10-year Treasury yield hovered just below 4.5% after hot inflation data, raising concerns stocks could come under pressure (Bloomberg) -- Beneath the surface of a stock market sitting at record highs, signs of trepidation are building. Most Read from Bloomberg Spot the Difference: Putin Gets Trump Treatment From Xi in China Iran Says the US’s Latest Proposal Has ‘Narrowed the Gaps’ Modi’s Toffee Gift to Meloni Ignites Rally in Wrong Indian Stock Iran in Talks With Oman Over Permanent Hormuz Toll System Dow Average Climbs to Record on US-Iran Deal Hopes: Markets Wrap Worries about resilient inflation, bond market volatility and the war in Iran are weighing on investors, pushing gauges of positioning to levels that suggest some of them don’t own enough equities, according to an analysis by Jefferies LLC. Rising worries are also evident among hedge funds, where short positions in products that protect against broader declines in the US stock market are hovering at a 10-year high, according to traders at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. The newfound uncertainty is music to equity bulls’ ears as it puts a brake on overheating in a stock market that has posted a record every other day since mid-April. Cash sitting on the sidelines could be put to use, should the biggest risks around the artificial intelligence trade and the situation in the Middle East fail to materialize. “Strong Nvidia results and more positive headlines on potential US-Iran peace deal can contribute to a squeeze higher in equities as hedge funds could be forced to cover their short positions,” said Frank Monkam, head cross asset macro strategy and trading at Buffalo Bayou Commodities. The S&P 500 Index is up 17% since hitting a near-term trough in late March amid hopes for a peace deal in Iran and optimism over corporate earnings at home that have exceeded expectations. The 500-member gauge fell 0.4% at 12:38 p.m. in New York, while the Nasdaq 100 Index traded down 0.5%. To strategists at Jefferies, sentiment around US stocks remains unusually subdued considering the stock market’s scorching rally. They cite two gauges: One is a survey from the American Association of Individual Investors, where bears are back to outnumbering bulls. The latest reading is sitting at -12, far from the range of positive 20 to 30 that’s consistent with excessive enthusiasm, the bank’s strategists including Andrew Greenebaum say. The divergence between the stock market performance and investor sentiment is rare. When the S&P 500 sat this close to its 52-week high in the past, the bull-bear spread has averaged positive 14.6, data compiled by Bespoke Investment Group show. The other gauge is a rough measure of stock exposure among mutual funds tracked by the National Association of Active Investment Managers. It slipped by almost 20 points to 77.3 in the latest reading, suggesting managers took some profits. Hedge fund managers in Bank of America’s latest survey showed a similar urge to unwind equity exposure. Last week, the group pulled the largest amount of money out of US stocks in dollar value since at least 2008, when the bank started tracking the data. The growing uncertainty lands on the market where fundamentals remain solid. With most of first-quarter earnings in the rear-view mirror, profits in the S&P 500 have grown around 29% from the same time a year ago, the most since 2021, data compiled by Bloomberg Intelligence show. About 83% of companies in the gauge posted profits that exceeded estimates, the most in 19 quarters, the data show. At the same time, ignoring growing market alarms may come at a cost. Inflation accelerated at the fastest pace since 2023 last month, driven by the climb in gasoline prices as the standoff between the US and Iran over key issues shows no signs of easing. Rising energy prices are pushing Treasury yields higher amid worries that rising price pressures will force policymakers to raise interest rates. “The bull market remains intact, but after a sharp V-shaped recovery and with earnings largely behind us, a near-term breather looks likely,” said Keith Lerner, chief investment officer at Truist Advisory Services. “The tug-of-war between energy and rates versus AI and tech remains front and center.” Retail traders have been riding the upside momentum in stocks, with data compiled by Citadel Securities showing gross retail cash volumes in April ranked in the 96th percentile of observations going back to 2019. Based on the volumes so far in month, May is on track to become the busiest month for the group ever, exceeding the rush seen during the meme-stock mania in January 2021. “Rather than concentrating in speculative meme-style activity, retail has increasingly piled into mega-cap tech and semiconductors, precisely the areas that have experienced the most historic upside moves,” wrote Scott Rubner, the firm’s head of equity and equity derivatives strategy. “Retail is once again aggressively buying both up days and down days, with average net buying on S&P 500 rallies back at the highest levels since January.” (Updates with Thursday’s trading in sixth paragraph.) Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek College Kids Don’t Want Your AI Courts Are Swamped With AI-Powered Do-It-Yourself Lawsuits Blame YouTube, Not Just Trump, for the End of Colbert’s Late Show ICE Raids Did Lasting Damage to American Businesses Been Sanctioned by the US Government? There’s a Guy for That ©2026 Bloomberg L.P. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
