Title:   Oil Declines as Fragile Truce Holds Following Hormuz Clashes
Date:    2026-05-05 15-27
URL:     https://finance.yahoo.com/news/oil-holds-gain-as-iran-us-exchange-fire-in-middle-east-flareup-013714459.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap. Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin) Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know. Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week. April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation. Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower' The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it) Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience' Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press) Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war. If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans. The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020 The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year. Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed Powell holds what is expected to be his final press conference as chair after the Fed keeps rates steady Fed holds interest rates steady with no end to Iran war in sight Elon Musk testified again in the OpenAI trial, describing his behavior at the company and its nonprofit 'halo' A Senate committee confirmed Kevin Warsh, sending his nomination to be chairman of the Fed to the full Senate Stocks slipped at the open as investors awaited a Fed decision and Big Tech earnings The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1 The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings. The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs. (Bloomberg) -- Oil edged lower as the four-week ceasefire in the Middle East held on Tuesday, after clashes in the Strait of Hormuz and strikes on the United Arab Emirates triggered a jump in prices a day earlier. Most Read from Bloomberg US Has Opened a Passage Through Hormuz, Central Command Says China’s Rare Sanctions Pushback Leaves Banks Caught in Crossfire US and Iran Trade Fire in Gulf, Jolting Four-Week-Old Truce Apple Explores Using Intel and Samsung to Build Main Device Chips in the US Iran Fires Missiles at UAE in First Attack Since Ceasefire Brent crude fell below $111 a barrel after gaining almost 6% on Monday. Open interest in the global benchmark dropped to its lowest level since August as capital shifts to the sidelines amid heightened uncertainty and volatility. Prices retraced as the US downplayed the prospect of a return to active war with Iran following clashes involving ships in the Strait of Hormuz and strikes on the UAE, including an oil terminal in the port of Fujairah. More than 1,550 commercial vessels carrying some 22,000 sailors are currently trapped in the Persian Gulf as a result of the conflict with Iran, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Dan Caine told reporters on Tuesday. The blockade of the Strait of Hormuz by both Iran and the US has led to the biggest supply disruption in history and sent oil prices soaring. Traders are try to predict when the conflict might end and if renewed fighting might further roil markets. Caine also said attacks by Tehran on vessels in the Persian Gulf and the UAE on Monday didn’t constitute a breach of a ceasefire. The comments suggest that “yesterday’s events fall below the threshold for breaking the ceasefire are helping ease fears of re-escalation,” said Rebecca Babin, senior energy trader at CIBC Private Wealth Group. “While the lack of flows remains a key issue and inventory draws this week are still expected to be significant, the market is in a near-term relief mode — even as physical movement hasn’t fully resumed.” President Donald Trump told Salem News Channel that the war may last another two to three weeks. Brent crude has rallied by more than 80% this year as the conflict deprived the market of hundreds of millions of barrels of oil. Access to the Hormuz waterway is subject to a double blockade, with Tehran seeking to prevent ships from transiting, while Washington stops Iran’s oil from reaching global markets. Iranian Foreign Minister Abbas Araghchi said talks with Washington were “making progress” but the US and the UAE “should be wary of being dragged back into quagmire,” according to a post on X. Events in Hormuz made clear “there’s no military solution to a political crisis,” he added. “I’m not expecting a quick reopening of bi-directional flows through the strait,” said Anoop Singh, global head of shipping research at Oil Brokerage Ltd. “The US is attempting to level the power balance in the strait and that’s been reciprocated against by Iran. It’s escalation.” Spiking energy costs have fanned concerns the conflict will stoke inflation while hurting growth. In the US Treasury market, 30-year yields climbed to the highest since July, topping 5%, as traders boosted wagers the Federal Reserve will have to reverse course and raise rates to curb price gains. Traders are looking ahead to US government data set to be released on Wednesday as the newly crowned top crude supplier faces unprecedented pressure to keep up with international demand. “Global oil markets were supported by a large inventory buffer, but recent draws suggest that cushion is declining,” said Mark Malek, chief investment officer at Muriel Siebert & Co. “Continued depletion combined with supply disruption could accelerate price increases.” --With assistance from Charles Gorrivan and Weilun Soon. Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek America’s Go-To Autism Therapy Is Also the Most Controversial The Risky Pivot Inside Australia’s Pension System Whatnot Has Americans Hooked on Livestream Shopping Running America’s Second-Busiest Airport in Turbulent Times It’s Boating Season, But Only If You Can Afford Fuel ©2026 Bloomberg L.P. Weʼre unable to load stories right now. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
