Title: Victoria’s Secret upgraded by Bank of America on margin expansion opportunity
Date: 2026-04-29 19:22
URL: https://www.proactiveinvestors.com/companies/news/1091446/victoria-s-secret-upgraded-by-bank-of-america-on-margin-expansion-opportunity-1091446.html?.tsrc=rss

Pharma & Biotech
Gold & Silver
Crypto
Battery Metals
Artificial Intelligence
The content on this Site is provided for information purposes only and does not constitute investment advice, a personal recommendation, an offer or solicitation to buy or sell securities, or any other regulated activity. It should not be relied upon as the basis for any investment decision.
Before making any investment decision, you should:
Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future results. The value of investments can fall as well as rise. You may not recover the amount you invest, and in some cases you may be required to pay more.
Emily began her career as a political journalist for Australian Community Media in Hobart, Tasmania. After she relocated to Toronto, Canada, she reported on business, legal, and scientific developments in the emerging psychedelics sector before joining Proactive in 2022. She brings a strong journalism background with her work featured in newspapers, magazines, and digital publications across Australia, Europe, and North America, including The Examiner, The Advocate, The Canberra Times, and... Read more
Proactive financial news and online broadcast teams provide fast, accessible, informative and actionable business and finance news content to a global investment audience. All our content is produced independently by our experienced and qualified teams of news journalists.
Proactive news team spans the world’s key finance and investing hubs with bureaus and studios in London, New York, Toronto, Vancouver, Sydney and Perth. 
We are experts in medium and small-cap markets, we also keep our community up to date with blue-chip companies, commodities and broader investment stories. This is content that excites and engages motivated private investors.
The team delivers news and unique insights across the market including but not confined to: biotech and pharma, mining and natural resources, battery metals, oil and gas, crypto and emerging digital and EV technologies.
Proactive has always been a forward looking and enthusiastic technology adopter.
Our human content creators are equipped with many decades of valuable expertise and experience. The team also has access to and use technologies to assist and enhance workflows.
Proactive will on occasion use automation and software tools, including generative AI. Nevertheless, all content published by Proactive is edited and authored by humans, in line with best practice in regard to content production and search engine optimisation.

Published: 15:22 29 Apr 2026 EDT
  
Victoria's Secret & Co. (NYSE:VSCO) has been upgraded to a ‘Buy’ rating from ‘Neutral’ by Bank of America analysts who cited expectations for continued sales momentum and margin expansion that could drive high-teens earnings growth.
The firm also raised its price target to $68 from $58, implying upside from Wednesday afternoon’s price of $51.
Bank of America wrote that it upgraded the shares as it expects sales momentum will continue, supporting mid- to high-teens earnings per share growth driven by operating margin expansion from current levels.
The analysts also see the company’s new management team as taking steps to reposition the brand and support more durable growth.
“Our conviction that sales growth will continue is driven by the renewed focus on product innovation, marketing investments, and outsized growth opportunities in beauty and international,” they wrote.
It also pointed to recent operating trends as supportive of its thesis, highlighting a return to growth in the intimates category and an inflection in new customer additions as indications that product and marketing efforts are beginning to resonate.
On profitability, Bank of America expects operating margin expansion to be supported by buying and occupancy leverage, a pullback in promotions, a higher mix of full-price sales, and cost efficiencies in non-customer-facing areas. The firm models operating margins reaching about 8% over time.
The analysts added that stronger execution could provide additional upside. “We could see upside to sales and resulting expense leverage if improvements to product innovation and marketing ramp faster than expected or there is outsized growth in large opportunity categories such as international and beauty,” they wrote.
Bank of America now forecasts mid- to high-teens earnings growth and argues that this outlook supports a premium valuation relative to traditional apparel peers, citing the company’s margin expansion opportunity and earnings growth profile.
Sign up to receive alerts and news direct to your inbox
VivoPower PLC (NASDAQ:VIVO, FRA:51J) Advisory Council member Philip von Wulffen talked with Proactive's Stephen Gunnion about why AI infrastructure is increasingly shifting to the Nordic region and what makes it a leading destination for large-scale data centre development.

Von Wulffen...
© Proactive Group Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Market Indices, Commodities and Regulatory News Headlines copyright © Morningstar. Data delayed 15 minutes unless otherwise indicated. Terms of use.
