Title: AI Boom Drives 770% Jump in Asia’s Lesser-Known Chip Supplier
Date: 2026-04-29 02:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/technology/articles/ai-boom-drives-770-jump-020000802.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
Powell holds what is expected to be his final press conference as chair after the Fed keeps rates steady
Fed holds interest rates steady with no end to Iran war in sight
Elon Musk testified again in the OpenAI trial, describing his behavior at the company and its nonprofit 'halo'
A Senate committee confirmed Kevin Warsh, sending his nomination to be chairman of the Fed to the full Senate
Stocks slipped at the open as investors awaited a Fed decision and Big Tech earnings
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
(Bloomberg) -- The artificial intelligence rally exploding across Asia is now spreading deeper into the supply chain.
Most Read from Bloomberg
UAE Quits OPEC as War Upends Oil Markets and Gulf Tensions Rise
North Korea Confirms Suicide Rule for Soldiers Ukraine Captures
Trump Being ‘Humiliated’ in Iran Talks, German Leader Says
Sergey Brin Confronted Gavin Newsom — Then Launched a Political War
OpenAI Breaks Free From Exclusive AI Pact With Microsoft
For much of the past year, the spotlight has been on chipmakers such as Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co., Samsung Electronics Co. and SK Hynix Inc. — all critical suppliers to Nvidia Corp. A global chip shortage has sent those stocks skyrocketing to record highs.
Now, investors are looking further into the AI supply ecosystem as even the most powerful processors cannot work without the lesser-known components that support them. That growing awareness — combined with rising demand and prices — is helping a new group of companies rally.
They fall into three main categories. Multi-layer ceramic capacitors (MLCCs) regulate power inside electronic systems. Advanced chip substrates connect semiconductors to the rest of the hardware. And thermal compression bonding (TCB) is the precision process that fuses everything together.
“Think of the printed circuit-board as a dining table. Then the plate on the dining table, you can call it a substrate — and the food inside the plate is the chips,” said Kieron Poon, investment director of Asian equities at Aberdeen Investments.
Within this group, substrate makers such as Unimicron Technology Corp. and Ibiden Co. have surged around 770% and 530% respectively over the past 12 months. MLCC producers Samsung Electro-Mechanics Co. and Murata Manufacturing Co. climbed to record highs this month. TCB leader Hanmi Semiconductor Co. also hit an all-time high. Much of this supply chain is concentrated in Asia, mainly South Korea, Taiwan, Japan and China.
What’s driving this is the intensity of AI infrastructure buildouts. AI servers consume far more power than conventional ones, and that has a cascading effect. More power means more components to manage and stabilize it.
An AI server can use 10 to 15 times more MLCCs than a standard server, and about 30 times more than a smartphone, according to Young Jae Lee, senior investment manager at Pictet Asset Management.
This surge in demand is tightening supply and pushing up prices for those components. Samsung Electro-Mechanics said this week it’s considering raising MLCC product prices by as much as 10%. Citigroup Inc. analyst Takayuki Naito also highlighted growing expectations for price increases across components like MLCCs, aluminum capacitors and package substrates.
Naito sees this as a potential support for Japanese manufacturers such as Murata Manufacturing and Taiyo Yuden Co., which may take a more aggressive approach to pricing. JPMorgan Chase & Co. analysts raised their price targets for Murata and Yuden last week, saying supply and demand are likely to stay tight for an extended period.
Production lines for MLCCs and substrates are already running at more than 90% capacity, said Simon Woo, head of Korea research at BofA Global Research. “If AI demand ramps up even slightly from here, capacity for conventional use will shrink sharply,” he said.
The ripple effects are spreading further across the ecosystem. Optical component makers have also been pulled into the rally, as investors pay closer attention to the role these technologies play in data centers, especially as rising use of AI drives the need for ever more bandwidth.
Supply of capacitors, substrates and TCB remains concentrated and the firms serve a rapidly expanding pool of customers, said Aberdeen’s Poon. This means pricing power will “definitely still be in the hands of the supplier,” he said.
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
‘I Have Half of MAGA’: The Republican Challenging Trump From Within
Running America’s Second-Busiest Airport in Turbulent Times
A Restaurant That’s Barely Raised Prices Since 1973
Why If the War Doesn’t End Soon, Everyone Will Pay
The Humble Bean Gets a High-End Glow-Up
©2026 Bloomberg L.P.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio