Title: Private credit BDC redemption requests likely to peak in Q2 2026 – BofA
Date: 2026-04-29 20:40
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/private-credit-bdc-redemption-requests-204012982.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
Powell holds what is expected to be his final press conference as chair after the Fed keeps rates steady
Fed holds interest rates steady with no end to Iran war in sight
Elon Musk testified again in the OpenAI trial, describing his behavior at the company and its nonprofit 'halo'
A Senate committee confirmed Kevin Warsh, sending his nomination to be chairman of the Fed to the full Senate
Stocks slipped at the open as investors awaited a Fed decision and Big Tech earnings
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Redemption requests at non-traded BDCs are likely to peak in Q2 of this year after reaching historic levels in the first quarter, according to a report by Bank of America.
The report, written by a team of analysts led by Craig Siegenthaler and published on April 27, said the analysts expect redemption requests to increase further in the second quarter as “advisors request more than needed in reaction to the prorations,” referring to the 5% limits most BDCs upheld on withdrawals in Q1, and subsequent prorating of all redemption requests, meaning that some investors will be attempting to make up for redemption requests that went unfulfilled in Q1.
The analysts also believe that actual redemptions peaked in Q1, as they expect most funds to stick to the 5% quarterly redemption limits that most of these non-traded BDCs are designed with moving forward.
The researchers forecast that Apollo Debt Solutions, which received redemption requests of 11.2% of shares outstanding in Q1, would receive redemption requests of 15% in Q2. They also predict that Ares Strategic Income Fund redemption requests will peak at 14% in Q2, up from 11.6% in Q1.
For Blackstone’s BCRED, the bank expects redemptions to peak at 12% in Q2, up from 7.9% in Q1. The analysts note that BCRED had the lowest redemption requests in Q1 of the BDCs tracked by the bank, and that BCRED was the only major private BDC that did not limit withdrawals in Q1. They do, however, expect BCRED to limit withdrawals in Q2.
The researchers expect HPS’ HLEND to see redemption requests of 13% in Q2, up from 9.3% in Q1.
They also expect redemptions in two of Blue Owl’s non-traded BDCs, OCIC and OTIC, to peak at 28.5% and 52.9%, respectively, in Q2. OCIC saw withdrawal requests of 21.9% in Q1, while OTIC saw redemption requests of 40.7% in the same quarter.
Overall, the bank expects redemptions will remain elevated into Q3, before falling back below Q1 levels in Q4 (though redemptions are still projected to remain above 5% all year for all BDCs tracked by the bank), according to the report.
Private credit sales fell by over 50% month-over-month for most of the funds tracked by BofA in April, a decline which the analysts said was partly driven by “intense media coverage.”
Sign up for The Credit Pitch
Weekly coverage of US and European loans, bonds, private credit, and more.
 Subscribe 
The analysts still hold buy ratings on Apollo, Ares, Blackstone, KKR, and Blue Owl, in part because of their progress in the private wealth channel over the last decade. They also expect broad re-acceleration in retail alt flows from the April trough, which they say was impacted by “private credit misinformation and the Iran conflict.”
Separately, Bank of America committed $25 billion of its balance sheet to private credit deals earlier this year, expanding its direct lending efforts within its global capital markets division.
  Featured image by Claudiad/Getty Images    This article originally appeared on PitchBook News
Featured image by Claudiad/Getty Images
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio