Title: Why SpaceX's IPO could be the biggest market opportunity in history
Date: 2026-05-21 19:44
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/why-spacexs-ipo-could-be-the-biggest-market-opportunity-in-history-194418820.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results The Trump administration plans to invest $2 billion in quantum computing, expanding its broader push into strategic industries The Dow clinched a record high as stocks rebounded on optimism for a US-Iran peace deal US stocks turned higher as oil prices fell on hopes of a US-Iran peace deal Quantum stocks jump as Trump administration doles out $2 billion in exchange for equity US stocks fell as oil prices rose amid doubts about US-Iran peace talks The bond market's signal to the Fed: Interest rates should be higher SpaceX files IPO prospectus, offering a rare look at the company's finances Nvidia beats earnings estimates, gives upbeat outlook on strong chip sales The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq rallied as oil fell and Nvidia earnings were on deck The ChatGPT maker is reportedly preparing to file for an IPO in the coming weeks, with plans to go public as early as September Oil plunges as Trump says US in 'final stages' of Iran deal After an unsteady start, stocks gained as oil prices fell and a bond sell-off paused S&P 500, Nasdaq rise in countdown to Nvidia results The chip giant is set to report results Wednesday as its stock climbs higher and rivals close in. Here's what to expect. The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq fell as bond yields surged amid rate hike concerns Google unveils biggest update to Search in 25 years, including AI agents Trump traded over $50 million in Big Tech stocks last quarter, selling Tesla and buying more Apple, new ethics disclosure shows US stocks slid at the open as bond yields rose and tech stocks extended their retreat AI is likely to concentrate power among corporate giants and leave everyone else further behind, Goldman Sachs says The S&P 500 and Nasdaq slipped as chip stocks fell and investors weighed inflation fears Elon Musk loses trial against OpenAI There are 3 issues that appear little changed after Trump's China summit US stocks rise as yields climb amid inflation worries America's CEOs call out where food prices are rising The housing market is starting to look K-shaped, too Anthropic's shadow IPO market is already flashing trillion-dollar prices Investors eye Nvidia, bond yields, and the next commodity supercycle Wall Street sees bubble-like euphoria in AI-fueled semiconductor rally Should you buy Series I bonds as inflation heats up again? Travel is still on, but rising costs reshape summer vacation plans Executives are blaming layoffs on AI, but research shows AI is 'not the main driver' of US labor slowdown. Intel announces a multiyear partnership deal with McLaren's F1 racing team Here are the most anticipated IPOs in 2026 History's weirdest bubbles have a message for the AI trade Kevin Warsh is set to take over leading the Fed amid one of the most dynamic economic backdrops in modern history Trump’s 'insane amount of trades' astonish Wall Street insiders (Bloomberg) SpaceX accelerates IPO timeline, targets market debut as early as June 12 (Reuters) The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq sank as US bond yields jumped to end a volatile week on a downbeat note The 30-year Treasury yield just broke to its highest level in almost 20 years Nasdaq leads dive in US stocks, with yields jumping amid inflation jitters Cerebras soared on its market debut. Here's how the company plans to take on Nvidia with a new approach to chip technology. Stocks gained, with the Dow closing above 50,000 and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq notching fresh records Cerebras stock surged 100% within minutes of trading in what is expected to be 2026's biggest IPO The Dow retook 50,000 and the S&P 500 topped 7,500 as the AI trade lifted stocks US stocks rise as Nvidia jumps, Trump-Xi summit kicks off Xi Jinping tells US CEOs that 'China's door will only open wider' Micron wiped out roughly $100 billion in market value at Tuesday’s low — and chip bulls still bought the dip Tech stocks led the S&P 500 and Nasdaq to record highs, while the Dow slipped The US Senate confirmed Kevin Warsh as the new chairman of the Federal Reserve with a final vote of 54-45 The 10-year Treasury yield hovered just below 4.5% after hot inflation data, raising concerns stocks could come under pressure Yahoo Finance Senior Autos Reporter Pras Subramanian breaks down SpaceX's (SPAX.PVT) finances ahead of its upcoming initial public offering (IPO). Pras, let's start here because what we're seeing is the company believes that it's leaning into a 28.5 trillion dollar market. And when people think of SpaceX, they may only think of that rocket business, but there's actually so many more parts of this business as well. Yeah, I mean, look, it's a really interesting nugget here that has really caught a lot of people's eyes, right? So, in that prospectus filed yesterday, they said that they have a the the largest total addressable market ever claimed by a public company in an offering, saying it's 28.5 trillion, right? trillion. Um, largest actual market opportunity in human history. Well, what does that mean exactly? So, in the filing itself, they say that about 370 billion of that is going to be the launch and space enabled business, right? Uh, 1.6 trillion of that is the Starlink-based connectivity, and we saw that that's a very profitable business for Star for Star SpaceX. The remaining amount, which is the vast majority of it, is AI, right? So, how does that how does how does that model generate 20 over 20 trillion dollars in addressable market value? So, you know, they kind of see it as as a flywheel effect, right? So, Starlink generates the cash to bankroll the next generation Starships, and then Starships, uh, when they launch, they can slash costs to to launch stuff into into the market, and that'll ultimately expand the market and support new AI businesses, right? So, I mean, that's a lot. That that's a big sort of pie in the sky, theoretical thing. But hey, look, if you look in the filing also, you see that they have a business called Colossus, right? That's their big data center, that's their big, uh, GPU kind of compute center. And Anthropic has a 1.25 billion dollar a month, uh, contract with with with SpaceX to to offer them services. So, so you can see a little bit of that where that could come from just from a compute element alone. What sort of opportunity is this? Because this is a mega IPO. This is a record-breaking or going to be a record-breaking IPO. So, what sort of momentum is this mean within the AI market right now? I don't it's it's really hard to say because SpaceX is like I said, it's be it is it isn't it is an under the hood AI play, but in reality, most people just think of it as a rocket and Starlink, uh, play, right? That's constellations in in space and getting payloads up in space. They don't really see it as an AI trade. But, you know, if this IPO is as big as it's as people think it'll be, does it then suck the air out of the room for when Open AI and Anthropic supposedly will go public later this year? Is all the public money going to come out of the system and when they come out, they might be kind of have a muted response. Vice versa, maybe by the time Tesla, I'm sorry, SpaceX goes public in potentially in early June, maybe people look at the numbers and say, you know what, this is a bit too risky. Musk has too much control. I don't know if I like this trade. and then the money doesn't actually go into this SpaceX IPO, and it's waiting for Anthropic and OpenAI. I guess we'll find out. Right, Pras. And then just one more thing, when you weigh in those risks, one risk that was in the filing as well was that a loss from operations of nearly 2.6 billion dollars. Did did that come as a surprise to potential investors? I don't think it was a surprise. I think everyone knew that the company was losing money, especially once they merged with, uh, XAI and it became Space XAI, right? This is Elon Musk's, uh, AI company that also includes, uh, X.com, which was formerly Twitter. Now, all these losses are stemming from that unit, but also from the big CAPEX expense, right? So, SpaceX spent 20.7 billion in CAPEX in 2025. 12.7 of that billion that went into AI and data center GPUs and and Colossus, like I mentioned. Uh, in the first quarter, CAPEX was 7.7 billion alone. I mean, these are staggering numbers, right? Now, we're looking at companies like Meta and Google that are going to spend 180 billion a year in CAPEX for data center stuff. So, that's kind of putting it in perspective. But yeah, I think for investors, for for looking at a an IPO company, sort of still a early growth company in some sense. Uh, that's a lot of money to be to be spending out just on CAPEX. But I guess that's the bet, right? That's the bet you're going to say, hey, Musk has been known to do these big bets. He spends a lot of money, and then it eventually pays off for investors. So that's that's what people are weighing right now as they get more information ahead of the IPO. No news stories available Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
