Title: Meta settles first US case over school costs tied to youth mental health, court filing shows
Date: 2026-05-21 17:34
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/technology/articles/meta-settles-first-us-case-173407410.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results The Trump administration plans to invest $2 billion in quantum computing, expanding its broader push into strategic industries The Dow clinched a record high as stocks rebounded on optimism for a US-Iran peace deal US stocks turned higher as oil prices fell on hopes of a US-Iran peace deal Quantum stocks jump as Trump administration doles out $2 billion in exchange for equity US stocks fell as oil prices rose amid doubts about US-Iran peace talks The bond market's signal to the Fed: Interest rates should be higher SpaceX files IPO prospectus, offering a rare look at the company's finances Nvidia beats earnings estimates, gives upbeat outlook on strong chip sales The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq rallied as oil fell and Nvidia earnings were on deck The ChatGPT maker is reportedly preparing to file for an IPO in the coming weeks, with plans to go public as early as September Oil plunges as Trump says US in 'final stages' of Iran deal After an unsteady start, stocks gained as oil prices fell and a bond sell-off paused S&P 500, Nasdaq rise in countdown to Nvidia results The chip giant is set to report results Wednesday as its stock climbs higher and rivals close in. Here's what to expect. The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq fell as bond yields surged amid rate hike concerns Google unveils biggest update to Search in 25 years, including AI agents Trump traded over $50 million in Big Tech stocks last quarter, selling Tesla and buying more Apple, new ethics disclosure shows US stocks slid at the open as bond yields rose and tech stocks extended their retreat AI is likely to concentrate power among corporate giants and leave everyone else further behind, Goldman Sachs says The S&P 500 and Nasdaq slipped as chip stocks fell and investors weighed inflation fears Elon Musk loses trial against OpenAI There are 3 issues that appear little changed after Trump's China summit US stocks rise as yields climb amid inflation worries America's CEOs call out where food prices are rising The housing market is starting to look K-shaped, too Anthropic's shadow IPO market is already flashing trillion-dollar prices Investors eye Nvidia, bond yields, and the next commodity supercycle Wall Street sees bubble-like euphoria in AI-fueled semiconductor rally Should you buy Series I bonds as inflation heats up again? Travel is still on, but rising costs reshape summer vacation plans Executives are blaming layoffs on AI, but research shows AI is 'not the main driver' of US labor slowdown. Intel announces a multiyear partnership deal with McLaren's F1 racing team Here are the most anticipated IPOs in 2026 History's weirdest bubbles have a message for the AI trade Kevin Warsh is set to take over leading the Fed amid one of the most dynamic economic backdrops in modern history Trump’s 'insane amount of trades' astonish Wall Street insiders (Bloomberg) SpaceX accelerates IPO timeline, targets market debut as early as June 12 (Reuters) The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq sank as US bond yields jumped to end a volatile week on a downbeat note The 30-year Treasury yield just broke to its highest level in almost 20 years Nasdaq leads dive in US stocks, with yields jumping amid inflation jitters Cerebras soared on its market debut. Here's how the company plans to take on Nvidia with a new approach to chip technology. Stocks gained, with the Dow closing above 50,000 and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq notching fresh records Cerebras stock surged 100% within minutes of trading in what is expected to be 2026's biggest IPO The Dow retook 50,000 and the S&P 500 topped 7,500 as the AI trade lifted stocks US stocks rise as Nvidia jumps, Trump-Xi summit kicks off Xi Jinping tells US CEOs that 'China's door will only open wider' Micron wiped out roughly $100 billion in market value at Tuesday’s low — and chip bulls still bought the dip Tech stocks led the S&P 500 and Nasdaq to record highs, while the Dow slipped The US Senate confirmed Kevin Warsh as the new chairman of the Federal Reserve with a final vote of 54-45 The 10-year Treasury yield hovered just below 4.5% after hot inflation data, raising concerns stocks could come under pressure By Courtney Rozen and Dietrich Knauth May 21 (Reuters) - Meta Platforms on Thursday settled the first case set for trial seeking to make social media companies cover the costs that school districts say they have incurred to combat ‌a mental health crisis allegedly fueled by platforms. The agreement fully resolves a lawsuit brought by Breathitt County School District ‌in eastern Kentucky, following earlier settlements by co-defendants Alphabet's YouTube, Snap and TikTok. The case had been scheduled for a June 15 trial in federal court ​in Oakland, California. What other major litigation is pending against platforms? What did Breathitt County claim about social media platforms? How many school districts are pursuing similar lawsuits? What damages did the lawsuit seek from companies? Breathitt is among roughly 1,200 school districts pursuing similar claims. Its case was selected as a bellwether, or test case, for those lawsuits. "We've resolved this case amicably and remain focused on our longstanding work to build protections like Teen Accounts that help teens stay safe online, while giving parents simple controls to support their families," said a Meta spokesperson. In a statement, the plaintiff's attorneys said they had ‌resolved Breathitt's claims against Meta, adding that “our focus ⁠remains on pursuing justice for the remaining 1,200 school districts who have filed cases.” LAWSUIT SOUGHT OVER $60 MILLION Breathitt, a small rural district in Appalachia, accused the companies of designing their platforms to keep young users ⁠hooked, driving anxiety, depression and self-harm among students and leaving schools to deal with the consequences. The lawsuit sought over $60 million to cover the costs of counteracting the impact of social media on students' mental health and to fund a 15-year mental health program to abate the problem. It ​also ​sought a court order requiring the companies to modify their platforms to ​reduce addictive features. More than 3,300 lawsuits alleging addiction-related ‌harms are pending in California state court against the social media companies. Another 2,400 cases — including those brought by the school districts as well as individuals, municipalities and states — have been centralized in California federal court. The companies have denied the allegations and say they take extensive steps to keep teens and young users safe on their platforms. In a landmark trial, a Los Angeles jury on March 25 found Meta and Alphabet's Google negligent for designing social media platforms that are harmful to young people, awarding a combined $6 million ‌to a 20-year-old woman who said she became addicted to social media as ​a child. Breathitt's case had been closely watched as an early test of the ​school districts' claims in the sprawling litigation. Judges and ​attorneys often use bellwether verdicts to assess the potential value of remaining claims and guide settlement talks. Breathitt ‌is a small district that serves about 1,600 students ​across six schools, according to federal ​data, but the litigation also includes far larger districts. DeKalb County, Georgia, which educates more than 90,000 students, has said it is seeking up to $4.3 billion in future mental health costs. The Los Angeles Unified School District and the New ​York City public school system — together serving ‌more than 1.2 million students — have also sued. The second phase in a trial in a separate case brought by ​the state of New Mexico, making similar claims, is expected to end soon. (Reporting by Courtney Rozen and Bhargav ​Acharya; Editing by Alexia Garamfalvi, Caitlin Webber, David Ljunggren, Rod Nickel) Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
