Title: Intuit Suffers Worst Plunge Since 2003 After Announcing Job Cuts
Date: 2026-05-21 20:29
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/intuit-suffers-worst-plunge-since-2003-after-announcing-job-cuts-202935171.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results The Trump administration plans to invest $2 billion in quantum computing, expanding its broader push into strategic industries The Dow clinched a record high as stocks rebounded on optimism for a US-Iran peace deal US stocks turned higher as oil prices fell on hopes of a US-Iran peace deal Quantum stocks jump as Trump administration doles out $2 billion in exchange for equity US stocks fell as oil prices rose amid doubts about US-Iran peace talks The bond market's signal to the Fed: Interest rates should be higher SpaceX files IPO prospectus, offering a rare look at the company's finances Nvidia beats earnings estimates, gives upbeat outlook on strong chip sales The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq rallied as oil fell and Nvidia earnings were on deck The ChatGPT maker is reportedly preparing to file for an IPO in the coming weeks, with plans to go public as early as September Oil plunges as Trump says US in 'final stages' of Iran deal After an unsteady start, stocks gained as oil prices fell and a bond sell-off paused S&P 500, Nasdaq rise in countdown to Nvidia results The chip giant is set to report results Wednesday as its stock climbs higher and rivals close in. Here's what to expect. The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq fell as bond yields surged amid rate hike concerns Google unveils biggest update to Search in 25 years, including AI agents Trump traded over $50 million in Big Tech stocks last quarter, selling Tesla and buying more Apple, new ethics disclosure shows US stocks slid at the open as bond yields rose and tech stocks extended their retreat AI is likely to concentrate power among corporate giants and leave everyone else further behind, Goldman Sachs says The S&P 500 and Nasdaq slipped as chip stocks fell and investors weighed inflation fears Elon Musk loses trial against OpenAI There are 3 issues that appear little changed after Trump's China summit US stocks rise as yields climb amid inflation worries America's CEOs call out where food prices are rising The housing market is starting to look K-shaped, too Anthropic's shadow IPO market is already flashing trillion-dollar prices Investors eye Nvidia, bond yields, and the next commodity supercycle Wall Street sees bubble-like euphoria in AI-fueled semiconductor rally Should you buy Series I bonds as inflation heats up again? Travel is still on, but rising costs reshape summer vacation plans Executives are blaming layoffs on AI, but research shows AI is 'not the main driver' of US labor slowdown. Intel announces a multiyear partnership deal with McLaren's F1 racing team Here are the most anticipated IPOs in 2026 History's weirdest bubbles have a message for the AI trade Kevin Warsh is set to take over leading the Fed amid one of the most dynamic economic backdrops in modern history Trump’s 'insane amount of trades' astonish Wall Street insiders (Bloomberg) SpaceX accelerates IPO timeline, targets market debut as early as June 12 (Reuters) The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq sank as US bond yields jumped to end a volatile week on a downbeat note The 30-year Treasury yield just broke to its highest level in almost 20 years Nasdaq leads dive in US stocks, with yields jumping amid inflation jitters Cerebras soared on its market debut. Here's how the company plans to take on Nvidia with a new approach to chip technology. Stocks gained, with the Dow closing above 50,000 and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq notching fresh records Cerebras stock surged 100% within minutes of trading in what is expected to be 2026's biggest IPO The Dow retook 50,000 and the S&P 500 topped 7,500 as the AI trade lifted stocks US stocks rise as Nvidia jumps, Trump-Xi summit kicks off Xi Jinping tells US CEOs that 'China's door will only open wider' Micron wiped out roughly $100 billion in market value at Tuesday’s low — and chip bulls still bought the dip Tech stocks led the S&P 500 and Nasdaq to record highs, while the Dow slipped The US Senate confirmed Kevin Warsh as the new chairman of the Federal Reserve with a final vote of 54-45 The 10-year Treasury yield hovered just below 4.5% after hot inflation data, raising concerns stocks could come under pressure (Bloomberg) -- Intuit Inc. (INTU) suffered its worst stock decline in more than two decades after announcing plans to cut about 17% of its staff and reporting slower TurboTax sales than anticipated. Most Read from Bloomberg Spot the Difference: Putin Gets Trump Treatment From Xi in China Iran Says the US’s Latest Proposal Has ‘Narrowed the Gaps’ Modi’s Toffee Gift to Meloni Ignites Rally in Wrong Indian Stock Iran in Talks With Oman Over Permanent Hormuz Toll System Dow Average Climbs to Record on US-Iran Deal Hopes: Markets Wrap The job reductions, which will affect about 3,000 workers, will trim costs while the financial software company invests in artificial intelligence products. They’re meant to simplify the organization and turn it into a “faster, leaner, more focused company,” Intuit said Wednesday in a statement that included fiscal third-quarter results. The company said it expects to incur about $320 million in restructuring charges, largely in the current period. Several analysts also called out a small miss in revenue for TurboTax. This weakness reopens a debate over whether AI is hurting the business, according to Kirk Materne, an analyst at Evercore ISI. Intuit shares fell 20% to $307.07 on Thursday, marking the worst single-day drop since March 2003. The company’s stock is now down 54% for the year. Intuit is the latest tech company to have slashed its workforce this year. Meta Platforms Inc. on Wednesday alerted about 8,000 employees that they were losing their jobs, part of a previously announced restructuring aimed at reducing costs while the company invests heavily in artificial intelligence. Like many in the software industry, Intuit is betting on AI features to help expand its business. “As we look ahead, we are further scaling our growth engines and architecting an organization that operates with greater velocity to deliver durable long-term growth,” Chief Executive Officer Sasan Goodarzi said in the statement. This is the second major job reduction for Intuit in recent years. The company in July 2024 cut 1,800 employees, or about 10% of its workforce, saying it expected to rehire the same number of employees in other areas. Intuit had about 18,200 employees as of July 31, 2025. In the quarter, which ended April 30, Intuit reported revenue increased 10% to $8.56 billion, ahead of analyst estimates. Profit, excluding some items, was $12.80 per share. Analysts, on average, projected $12.54 a share, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. The company said revenue would increase by a range of 11% to 12% in the current period ending in July, compared with analysts’ average estimate of 8% growth. Adjusted earnings will be $3.56 to $3.62 a share. Analysts, on average, estimated $3.15. Reuters reported earlier on the job cuts. Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek College Kids Don’t Want Your AI Courts Are Swamped With AI-Powered Do-It-Yourself Lawsuits Blame YouTube, Not Just Trump, for the End of Colbert’s Late Show ICE Raids Did Lasting Damage to American Businesses Been Sanctioned by the US Government? There’s a Guy for That ©2026 Bloomberg L.P. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
