Title: Bank of America Cuts Fifth Third (FITB) Target as Goldman Sachs Reinstates with Buy
Date: 2026-04-09 02:22
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/bank-america-cuts-fifth-third-022254411.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian. 
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
Nike set the stage for a turnaround, but global events keep getting in its way
Bank of America rips up its economic forecasts as it braces for $100 oil all year on Iran war disruptions
Fifth Third Bancorp (NASDAQ:FITB) is included among the 13 Bank Stocks with Highest Dividends.
Photo by Annie Spratt on Unsplash
On April 7, BofA lowered its price recommendation on Fifth Third Bancorp (NASDAQ:FITB) to $58 from $60. It kept a Buy rating on the shares. The firm reduced price targets across its regional bank coverage by about 3% on average, pointing to lower valuation multiples, higher uncertainty around earnings per share, and a rising cost of equity.
On the same day, Goldman Sachs reinstated coverage of Fifth Third with a Buy rating and a $55 price target, implying about 16% upside. The firm said the bank is positioned to deliver a 19% return on tangible common equity while also achieving “peer-leading” balance sheet growth.
During the Q4 2025 earnings call, Chairman Timothy N. Spence Preston indicated that full-year net interest income is expected to be in the range of $8.6 billion to $8.8 billion. He also said adjusted noninterest income for the year is projected to fall between $4 billion and $4.4 billion. Preston added that full-year noninterest expenses are expected to come in between $7 billion and $7.3 billion. This outlook excludes the impact of expected CDI amortization and about $1.3 billion in estimated acquisition-related charges. He noted that the guidance includes the realization of 37.5% of the $850 million in annualized run-rate expense synergies expected in 2026.
He further explained that the company’s projections suggest adjusted revenue and adjusted PPNR, excluding CDI amortization, would increase by 40% to 45% compared to 2025. The outlook also includes an additional 100 to 200 basis points of positive operating leverage. The company expects net charge-offs to range between 30 and 40 basis points in 2026, including the impact of Comerica’s loan portfolio. Preston said that after closing the Comerica acquisition, the CET1 capital ratio is expected to remain close to the company’s 10.5% target.
Fifth Third Bancorp (NASDAQ:FITB) operates as a diversified financial services company and serves as the indirect holding company of Fifth Third Bank, National Association. Its Commercial Banking segment provides credit intermediation, cash management, and financial services to large and middle-market businesses, as well as government and professional clients.
While we acknowledge the potential of FITB as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock.
READ NEXT: 15 Best Low Volatility Blue Chip Stocks to Buy Now and 15 Best Consistent Dividend Stocks to Buy Right Now
Disclosure: None. Follow Insider Monkey on Google News.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
