Title: Delays or Not, Apple’s Next Innovations Will Be Worth the Wait for Investors
Date: 2026-04-09 13:52
URL: https://247wallst.com/investing/2026/04/09/delays-or-not-apples-next-innovations-will-be-worth-the-wait-for-investors/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Investing
The Stocks: Apple (AAPL) is developing a foldable iPhone expected to launch in September with ultra-thin glass and an “invisible” crease to compete with existing foldable devices, though conflicting reports suggest either on-time delivery or potential delays to 2027.
The Story: A Nikkei Asia report claiming technical delays caused Apple shares to dip 5% intraday, but Bloomberg’s Mark Gurman countered that the foldable iPhone remains on schedule, creating uncertainty around whether Apple will successfully enter the mainstream foldable market alongside anticipated AI upgrades and new products in 2026.
Are you ahead, or behind on retirement? SmartAsset's free tool can match you with a financial advisor in minutes to help you answer that today. Each advisor has been carefully vetted, and must act in your best interests. Don't waste another minute; learn more here.(Sponsor)

					Sending You to Google News in 3

© PhillDanze / iStock Editorial via Getty Images


Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL | AAPL Price Prediction) stock has been fluctuating wildly of late, thanks in part to a Nikkei Asia report that surfaced, pointing to technical challenges that may delay the launch of the much-anticipated foldable iPhone. Undoubtedly, the outsized initial reaction, which saw shares dip in the ballpark of 5% intraday, seems to signify just how big a deal Apple’s very first foldable smartphone is.
Of course, Apple is already quite “late” to the foldable smartphone party, with a number of competing products already out there for consumers to buy today, so it’s a bit discouraging if such a device were to be delayed further, perhaps into 2027. For now, it’s really hard to make up the Nikkei report or rumor. Bloomberg was quite quick to respond, noting that the device is actually still on schedule to release in September of this year.
Such conflicting information is adding to the haze of uncertainty surrounding the stock. And while it’s difficult to know what the truth is, I’d be more than willing to go with Bloomberg on this one. Even if it’s tricky to get the hinges and display right, I do think that Apple has more than enough time to get things done on schedule and with enough polish to reshape a device category that hasn’t really been all too hot.
If a foldable iPhone is going to be a hit, it needs to be head and shoulders above what’s out there already. That means dealing with that pesky screen crease and ensuring that the screen has what it takes to hold up through many years of use. With Apple reportedly leveraging ultra-thin glass with an “invisible” crease, I do think that foldables may finally be ready to enter the mainstream. The big question is whether the screen will incorporate some kind of self-healing tech.
After all, a foldable display is going to be subject to quite a bit of wear and tear. Any way you look at it, Apple is doing foldables differently, and while technical challenges are bound to present themselves, I think it’s far too early in the game to conclude that Apple will miss the typical September release window.
Of course, Nikkei might have had a peek at what’s going on behind the scenes, but is that enough to conclude that a big delay will be in the cards? Time will tell. Personally, I’m sticking with Mark Gurman and Bloomberg on this one and would treat any delay rumors as nothing more than a buying opportunity for long-term investors.
Are you ahead, or behind on retirement? SmartAsset's free tool can match you with a financial advisor in minutes to help you answer that today. Each advisor has been carefully vetted, and must act in your best interests. Don't waste another minute; learn more here.(Sponsor)
If Gurman sees the foldable “on track,” I’ll take his word for it, given his impressive track record. Even if the device is pushed a few months out (maybe into 2027), it won’t matter much to investors who are committed to sticking with Apple for the next two to three years. The foldable iPhone has game-changer potential and, alongside the iPhone 18, might be able to kick off an upgrade supercycle.
Delays or not, it’s an exciting time for Apple, with a big (delayed) AI update featuring a refreshed Siri, a new Apple Intelligence app, and perhaps some agentic capabilities expected by year’s end. For investors with patience, I do think that 2026 could be the year Apple shows off just how magnificent it is.
The company already has a strong slate of new products (MacBook Neo, iPhone 17e, and M5-powered Macs and iPads) for early-2026, along with a new service, Creator Studio, to power upcoming results. But, for patient investors willing to ride Apple shares into the second half, the slate stands to get much stronger.
And with a modernized Siri in the cards, let’s not forget about the potential impact that software will have on device sales. In my view, an updated Siri and a foldable could act as the one-two punch Apple needs to leave the rest of the Mag Seven behind. If 2026 is the year Apple catches up in AI while breaking into the foldables market (I think it is), any delay rumors may be nothing more than a gift of 5% off or so for long-term value seekers.
 Retirement can be daunting, but it doesn’t need to be. Imagine having an expert in your corner to help you with your financial goals. Someone to help you determine if you’re ahead, behind, or right on track. With SmartAsset, that’s not just a dream—it’s reality. This free tool connects you with pre-screened financial advisors who work in your best interests. It’s quick, it’s easy, so take the leap today and start planning smarter! Don’t waste another minute; get started right here and help your retirement dreams become a retirement reality. (sponsor)
Joey is a 24/7 Wall St. contributor and seasoned investment writer whose work can also be found in publications such as The Motley Fool and TipRanks. Holding a B.A.Sc in Computer Engineering from the University of British Columbia (UBC), Joey has leveraged his technical background to provide insightful stock analyses to readers.
Joey's investment philosophy is heavily influenced by Warren Buffett's value investing principles. As a dedicated Buffett disciple, Joey is committed to unearthing value in the tech sector and beyond.
Our top personal finance-related articles today. Your wallet will thank you later.
For Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL | AAPL Price Prediction) shareholders, it feels like Groundhog Day (the start of 2025 all over again),…
OpenAI dropped a bombshell this week when it announced its purchase of the hardware startup of former Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL |…
Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL | AAPL Price Prediction) stock has been a real drag on the Magnificent Seven in the past quarter.…
Shares of Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL | AAPL Price Prediction) have been faltering again, thanks in part to renewed fears of President…
Shares of Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL | AAPL Price Prediction) plunged into correction territory on Thursday as the losing streak extended to…
Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL | AAPL Price Prediction) shares are down 5% in Tuesday morning trading, sliding from $258.86 to less than…
Jim Cramer has been making a lot of very smart calls of late. And while he might not hit the…
The S&P 500 has been so incredibly resilient in 2026. It’s been less than two weeks since we rang in…
Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL | AAPL Price Prediction) stock has been a surprisingly good performer in the last few months, thanks in…
