Title: Nike Stock Looks Cheap. But Is It_
Date: 2026-04-30 16:07
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/30/nike-stock-looks-cheap-but-is-it/?.tsrc=rss

Nike stock has fallen sharply, but it's not necessarily a bargain.
Nike (NKE 0.07%) stock has fallen a long way. After peaking in 2021, the company has lost more than 70% of its market capitalization. The decline alone makes it look like an opportunity.
But a falling stock is not the same as a cheap stock. To understand what Nike is worth today, investors need to look past the price and focus on what has actually changed. Only then can they decide whether the stock is cheap.
Image source: Getty Images.
Stock prices generally fall when business conditions or investor sentiment change, or both. In the case of Nike, it's the latter. While many factors contributed to the negative development in the underlying business, many believe that the company's overly aggressive push into direct-to-consumer while neglecting its wholesale business -- selling to retailers who then resell to consumers -- has been the main culprit.
The result was a misjudgment of demand, leading to an inventory buildup. To clear inventory, Nike has to offer discounts, which deteriorate the brand and its financial performance. At the same time, growth slowed, particularly in high-growth markets like China. All that led to a 10% decline in  in fiscal 2025 (which ended May 31, 2025), a situation investors were not familiar with since Nike has historically grown its business over long periods.
This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating
Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason.
Unsurprisingly, investors shifted from optimism to pessimism.
The massive fall in Nike's share price may suggest the stock is undervalued. That, however, is just half the story. Looking at the price-to-sales (P/S) ratio, Nike's stock is indeed in value territory. As of writing, it has a P/S ratio of 1.5, a significant contraction from its 2021 peak of 5.8.
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name. 
But when we consider Nike's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio, there is no clear sign of value. The stock has a P/E ratio of 26.6, which is around the  historical range. Besides, that valuation is anything but cheap, especially given that the company is still undergoing a massive turnaround.
The only silver lining is that Nike's stock has a low P/S ratio. So, if Nike can regain its historical margin profile, today's stock price may be of good value. In other words, the stock is only cheap if Nike can grow its margin and earnings per share (EPS) in the future.
Investors often anchor to past prices. Nike once traded above $175. Today, it sits far below that level. The gap creates a powerful psychological pull.
But stocks do not revert to past prices on their own. They follow earnings. Right now, Nike's earnings power remains uncertain as it works to stabilize its margin. So whether the stock is cheap or not depends on whether investors have conviction in the company's ability to turn around its revenue and margin trajectories.
For those who have that conviction, Nike's stock offers good value today. For the rest, this may just be a value trap.

 


Before you buy stock in Nike, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Nike wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $496,797!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,282,815!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 979% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 200% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 30, 2026. 

Lawrence Nga has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Nike. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 35 Amazons.
What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating
Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends