Title: Is Delta Air Lines a Buy, Sell, or Hold in 2026?
Date: 2026-05-20 09:45
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/05/20/is-delta-air-lines-a-buy-sell-or-hold-in-2026/?.tsrc=rss
Content: Airlines are facing soaring fuel costs, but not all airlines are equal, and Delta still looks like a good value under the circumstances. Bullish investors inDeltaAirLines(DAL+2.06%)argue that the company's shift toward premium cabin revenue, loyalty programs, and income from its co-brandedAmericanExpresscredit card will help it consistently cover its costs, even through the industry's inevitable volatility. And with jet fuel prices doubling in 2026 as a result of the conflict in the Persian Gulf, now is the perfect time to test out the theory. Things change quickly in the travel industry. When Delta's management turned up to present at the J.P. Morgan Industrials Conference in mid-March, it had many positive things to say about the market. In fact, it raised its revenue guidance for the first quarter from an increase of 5%-7% to "high single digits" on the back of what CEO Ed Bastian described as "very, very strong all quarter long" sales with particular strength in the March spring season, which is typically the season when travel bookings really start to accumulate. While the Iran war began in late February, it was too early to tell what the consequences would be in mid-March. By May, the steep rise in jet fuel prices caused by the closure of the Strait of Hormuz sent crude oil prices above $100, and the jet fuel crack spread (the difference between crude oil and jet fuel prices) to exceptional heights. As Bastian noted on the earnings call in early April, they are "roughly double what they were earlier in the year." All of this means the airline industry is facing a sharp increase in costs, even as demand remains strong. As Bastian noted on the earnings call, "The acceleration we saw in March is carrying forward into the June quarter." This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason. Image source: Getty Images. It's a somewhat mixed picture. Wall Street analysts are raising their full-year revenue targets while significantly lowering their full-year earnings and cash flow targets. As you can see in the table, revenue expectations are higher (due to the strong first quarter and management raising prices in response to higher fuel costs). Still, available seat miles (ASM) are lower because Delta is reducing capacity until the price of jet fuel moderates. The Wall Street consensus bakes in a massive $4.3 billion increase in fuel costs, which is negatively impacting operating income and free cash flow (FCF). One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size. We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name. Wall Street Consensus Full Year 2026 3 Months Ago Current Change Revenue 66,936 million 71,132 million 6.3% Available seat miles 307,469 million 303,066 million (1.4%) Fuel cost & taxes 10,075 million 14,326 million 42.2% Operating income 6,921 million 5,353 million (22.7%) Free cash flow 3,162 million 2,387 million (24.5%) Adjusted diluted earnings per share $7.19 $5.47 (23.9%) Data source:S&P Global Market Intelligence. Table by author. While the reduction in earnings and cash flow expectations is disappointing,Deltastill looks like a good value based on the updated estimates. The point aboutbuying value stocks like Delta'sis that their valuations can withstand some disappointment, given the margin of safety. For example, based on the updated estimates, Delta now trades on 12.9 times earnings and slightly below 20 times FCF. These are strongvaluationsfor a company facing a big jump in its main costs. Also, demand is still high, and Delta's revenue is well diversified. In the last quarter, 62% of its revenue came from premium cabins, loyalty programs, the American Express partnership, and third-party aircraft maintenance, rather than from the main cabin alone. Image source: Getty Images. Diversification is protecting the downside, and if jet fuel prices moderate while end demand remains strong, Delta's earnings expectations will inevitably rise through 2026. On balance, Delta Air Lines is still a buy, but watch closely in case the increase in costs associated with the conflict feeds through into any weakness in end demand. However, in this environment, it makes sense to favor airlines with these business models to weather the uncertainty, and Delta is definitely one of those.     Before you buy stock inDelta Air Lines, consider this: The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andDelta Air Lineswasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $475,063!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,369,991!* Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is994% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to207%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors. See the 10 stocks › *Stock Advisor returns as of May 21, 2026.  American Express is an advertising partner of Motley Fool Money.Lee Samahahas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends American Express and S&P Global. The Motley Fool recommends Delta Air Lines. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy. This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over16 Nvidias. What in the world could be worth 16 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited. Continue ›  *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason. Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services. Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. ©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io. About The Motley Fool Our Services Around the Globe Free Tools Affiliates & Friends
