Title: Why Is United (UAL) Up 6.9% Since Last Earnings Report?
Date: 2026-05-21 15:30
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/why-united-ual-6-9-153009091.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results The Trump administration plans to invest $2 billion in quantum computing, expanding its broader push into strategic industries The Dow clinched a record high as stocks rebounded on optimism for a US-Iran peace deal US stocks turned higher as oil prices fell on hopes of a US-Iran peace deal Quantum stocks jump as Trump administration doles out $2 billion in exchange for equity US stocks fell as oil prices rose amid doubts about US-Iran peace talks The bond market's signal to the Fed: Interest rates should be higher SpaceX files IPO prospectus, offering a rare look at the company's finances Nvidia beats earnings estimates, gives upbeat outlook on strong chip sales The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq rallied as oil fell and Nvidia earnings were on deck The ChatGPT maker is reportedly preparing to file for an IPO in the coming weeks, with plans to go public as early as September Oil plunges as Trump says US in 'final stages' of Iran deal After an unsteady start, stocks gained as oil prices fell and a bond sell-off paused S&P 500, Nasdaq rise in countdown to Nvidia results The chip giant is set to report results Wednesday as its stock climbs higher and rivals close in. Here's what to expect. The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq fell as bond yields surged amid rate hike concerns Google unveils biggest update to Search in 25 years, including AI agents Trump traded over $50 million in Big Tech stocks last quarter, selling Tesla and buying more Apple, new ethics disclosure shows US stocks slid at the open as bond yields rose and tech stocks extended their retreat AI is likely to concentrate power among corporate giants and leave everyone else further behind, Goldman Sachs says The S&P 500 and Nasdaq slipped as chip stocks fell and investors weighed inflation fears Elon Musk loses trial against OpenAI There are 3 issues that appear little changed after Trump's China summit US stocks rise as yields climb amid inflation worries America's CEOs call out where food prices are rising The housing market is starting to look K-shaped, too Anthropic's shadow IPO market is already flashing trillion-dollar prices Investors eye Nvidia, bond yields, and the next commodity supercycle Wall Street sees bubble-like euphoria in AI-fueled semiconductor rally Should you buy Series I bonds as inflation heats up again? Travel is still on, but rising costs reshape summer vacation plans Executives are blaming layoffs on AI, but research shows AI is 'not the main driver' of US labor slowdown. Intel announces a multiyear partnership deal with McLaren's F1 racing team Here are the most anticipated IPOs in 2026 History's weirdest bubbles have a message for the AI trade Kevin Warsh is set to take over leading the Fed amid one of the most dynamic economic backdrops in modern history Trump’s 'insane amount of trades' astonish Wall Street insiders (Bloomberg) SpaceX accelerates IPO timeline, targets market debut as early as June 12 (Reuters) The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq sank as US bond yields jumped to end a volatile week on a downbeat note The 30-year Treasury yield just broke to its highest level in almost 20 years Nasdaq leads dive in US stocks, with yields jumping amid inflation jitters Cerebras soared on its market debut. Here's how the company plans to take on Nvidia with a new approach to chip technology. Stocks gained, with the Dow closing above 50,000 and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq notching fresh records Cerebras stock surged 100% within minutes of trading in what is expected to be 2026's biggest IPO The Dow retook 50,000 and the S&P 500 topped 7,500 as the AI trade lifted stocks US stocks rise as Nvidia jumps, Trump-Xi summit kicks off Xi Jinping tells US CEOs that 'China's door will only open wider' Micron wiped out roughly $100 billion in market value at Tuesday’s low — and chip bulls still bought the dip Tech stocks led the S&P 500 and Nasdaq to record highs, while the Dow slipped The US Senate confirmed Kevin Warsh as the new chairman of the Federal Reserve with a final vote of 54-45 The 10-year Treasury yield hovered just below 4.5% after hot inflation data, raising concerns stocks could come under pressure It has been about a month since the last earnings report for United Airlines (UAL). Shares have added about 6.9% in that time frame, outperforming the S&P 500. But investors have to be wondering, will the recent positive trend continue leading up to its next earnings release, or is United due for a pullback? Before we dive into how investors and analysts have reacted as of late, let's take a quick look at the most recent earnings report in order to get a better handle on the important catalysts. United Airlines' first-quarter 2026 adjusted earnings per share (excluding 95 cents from non-recurring items) of $1.19 surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $1.08 and increased 30.8% on a year-over-year basis. The reported figure lies within the guided range of $1.00-$1.50.Operating revenues of $14.6 billion outpaced the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $14.3 billion and increased 10.5% year over year. Passenger revenues (which accounted for 90.1% of the top line) increased 11% year over year to $13.1 billion. UAL flights transported 42,486 passengers in the first quarter, up 4.1% year over year.Cargo revenues fell 1.6% year over year to $422 million. Revenues from other sources rose 10.5% year over year to $1.02 billion.Despite challenges such as the $340 million increase in fuel expense from the year-ago reported quarter, UAL’s diverse revenue sources contributed to its first-quarter results. These include premium revenues, which increased 14% year over year, loyalty revenues, which rose 13% year over year and revenue from Basic Economy, which increased 7% year over year. Business revenue also remained strong, up 14% year over year for the first quarter. The first quarter was United Airlines' highest-revenue first quarter ever, with positive PRASM growth in every region.Below, we present all comparisons (in % terms) with the first quarter of 2025 figures unless otherwise stated.Airline traffic, measured in revenue passenger miles, grew 6.5%. Capacity, measured in available seat miles, expanded 3.4%. Since traffic outpaced capacity expansion, the consolidated load factor (percentage of seats filled by passengers) rose 2.4 points on a year-over-year basis to 81.6%.Consolidated passenger revenue per available seat mile (a key measure of unit revenues) inched up 7.4% year over year. Total revenue per available seat mile increased 6.9% year over year. The average yield per revenue passenger mile rose 4.2% year over year to 20.77 cents. The average aircraft fuel price per gallon grew 9.9% year over year to $2.78. Fuel gallons consumed were up 2.4% year over year.Operating expenses (on a reported basis) increased 8% year over year to $13.6 billion. Consolidated unit cost or cost per available seat mile, excluding fuel, third-party business expenses, profit-sharing and special charges, inched up 5.9% year over year to 13.95 cents.UAL exited the first quarter of 2026 with cash and cash equivalents of $7.86 billion compared with $5.94 billion at the prior-quarter end. Long-term debt, finance leases and other financial liabilities were $21.9 billion compared with $20.5 billion at the end of the prior quarter. UAL repurchased almost $27 million of shares in the first quarter of 2026. For second-quarter 2026, UAL anticipates adjusted EPS between $1.00 and $2.00. For 2026, UAL now anticipates adjusted EPS between $7.00 and $11.00 compared with the prior guided view of $12.00-$14.00. Adjusted total capital expenditures for 2026 are still anticipated to be less than $8 billion.United Airlines expects to recover 40-50% of the fuel price increase in the second quarter, 70-80% of the fuel price increase in the third quarter and 85-100% of the fuel price increase in the fourth quarter of 2026 through its revenues.The average aircraft fuel price is expected to be around $4.30 per gallon in the second quarter of 2026. Based on the current fuel environment, UAL is expecting year-over-year capacity to be flat to up almost 2% in both the third and fourth quarters of 2026.UAL’s adjusted earnings per share guidance for the second quarter and full-year 2026 assumes the Gulf Coast jet forward curve as of April 17, 2026. Fuel remains highly volatile. If prices remain on a downward trend, UAL anticipates being in the upper half of the adjusted diluted earnings per share guidance range for each of the second quarter and full year 2026, and if fuel re-escalates, UAL anticipates being in the lower half of the adjusted diluted earnings per share for both the second quarter and full year. In the past month, investors have witnessed a downward trend in fresh estimates. Currently, United has a strong Growth Score of A, a score with the same score on the momentum front. Following the exact same course, the stock has a grade of A on the value side, putting it in the top 20% for value investors. Overall, the stock has an aggregate VGM Score of A. If you aren't focused on one strategy, this score is the one you should be interested in. Estimates have been broadly trending downward for the stock, and the magnitude of these revisions indicates a downward shift. It's no surprise United has a Zacks Rank #5 (Strong Sell). We expect a below average return from the stock in the next few months. United belongs to the Zacks Transportation - Airline industry. Another stock from the same industry, Delta Air Lines (DAL), has gained 8.4% over the past month. More than a month has passed since the company reported results for the quarter ended March 2026. Delta reported revenues of $14.2 billion in the last reported quarter, representing a year-over-year change of +1.1%. EPS of $0.64 for the same period compares with $0.46 a year ago. Delta is expected to post earnings of $1.49 per share for the current quarter, representing a year-over-year change of -29.1%. Over the last 30 days, the Zacks Consensus Estimate has changed +0.9%. The overall direction and magnitude of estimate revisions translate into a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) for Delta. Also, the stock has a VGM Score of B. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report United Airlines Holdings Inc (UAL) : Free Stock Analysis Report Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) : Free Stock Analysis Report This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com). Zacks Investment Research Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
