Title: ZIM Incurs Wider-Than-Expected Q1 Loss, Misses on Revenues
Date: 2026-05-21 17:12
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/zim-incurs-wider-expected-q1-171200747.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results The Trump administration plans to invest $2 billion in quantum computing, expanding its broader push into strategic industries The Dow clinched a record high as stocks rebounded on optimism for a US-Iran peace deal US stocks turned higher as oil prices fell on hopes of a US-Iran peace deal Quantum stocks jump as Trump administration doles out $2 billion in exchange for equity US stocks fell as oil prices rose amid doubts about US-Iran peace talks The bond market's signal to the Fed: Interest rates should be higher SpaceX files IPO prospectus, offering a rare look at the company's finances Nvidia beats earnings estimates, gives upbeat outlook on strong chip sales The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq rallied as oil fell and Nvidia earnings were on deck The ChatGPT maker is reportedly preparing to file for an IPO in the coming weeks, with plans to go public as early as September Oil plunges as Trump says US in 'final stages' of Iran deal After an unsteady start, stocks gained as oil prices fell and a bond sell-off paused S&P 500, Nasdaq rise in countdown to Nvidia results The chip giant is set to report results Wednesday as its stock climbs higher and rivals close in. Here's what to expect. The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq fell as bond yields surged amid rate hike concerns Google unveils biggest update to Search in 25 years, including AI agents Trump traded over $50 million in Big Tech stocks last quarter, selling Tesla and buying more Apple, new ethics disclosure shows US stocks slid at the open as bond yields rose and tech stocks extended their retreat AI is likely to concentrate power among corporate giants and leave everyone else further behind, Goldman Sachs says The S&P 500 and Nasdaq slipped as chip stocks fell and investors weighed inflation fears Elon Musk loses trial against OpenAI There are 3 issues that appear little changed after Trump's China summit US stocks rise as yields climb amid inflation worries America's CEOs call out where food prices are rising The housing market is starting to look K-shaped, too Anthropic's shadow IPO market is already flashing trillion-dollar prices Investors eye Nvidia, bond yields, and the next commodity supercycle Wall Street sees bubble-like euphoria in AI-fueled semiconductor rally Should you buy Series I bonds as inflation heats up again? Travel is still on, but rising costs reshape summer vacation plans Executives are blaming layoffs on AI, but research shows AI is 'not the main driver' of US labor slowdown. Intel announces a multiyear partnership deal with McLaren's F1 racing team Here are the most anticipated IPOs in 2026 History's weirdest bubbles have a message for the AI trade Kevin Warsh is set to take over leading the Fed amid one of the most dynamic economic backdrops in modern history Trump’s 'insane amount of trades' astonish Wall Street insiders (Bloomberg) SpaceX accelerates IPO timeline, targets market debut as early as June 12 (Reuters) The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq sank as US bond yields jumped to end a volatile week on a downbeat note The 30-year Treasury yield just broke to its highest level in almost 20 years Nasdaq leads dive in US stocks, with yields jumping amid inflation jitters Cerebras soared on its market debut. Here's how the company plans to take on Nvidia with a new approach to chip technology. Stocks gained, with the Dow closing above 50,000 and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq notching fresh records Cerebras stock surged 100% within minutes of trading in what is expected to be 2026's biggest IPO The Dow retook 50,000 and the S&P 500 topped 7,500 as the AI trade lifted stocks US stocks rise as Nvidia jumps, Trump-Xi summit kicks off Xi Jinping tells US CEOs that 'China's door will only open wider' Micron wiped out roughly $100 billion in market value at Tuesday’s low — and chip bulls still bought the dip Tech stocks led the S&P 500 and Nasdaq to record highs, while the Dow slipped The US Senate confirmed Kevin Warsh as the new chairman of the Federal Reserve with a final vote of 54-45 The 10-year Treasury yield hovered just below 4.5% after hot inflation data, raising concerns stocks could come under pressure ZIM Integrated Shipping Services Ltd. (ZIM)reported first-quarter 2026 loss per share of 72 cents, which was wider than the Zacks Consensus Estimate loss of 22 cents. In the year-ago reported quarter, ZIM reported earnings per share of $2.45. Revenues of $1.39 billion missed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $1.59 billion and declined 30.4% from the year-ago quarter. This was due to the decrease in freight rates and carried volume. ZIM Integrated Shipping Services Ltd. price-consensus-eps-surprise-chart | ZIM Integrated Shipping Services Ltd. Quote Carried volume in the first quarter decreased 8% year over year to 866 thousand TEUs (twenty-foot equivalent units). Average freight rate per TEU in the first quarter decreased 26% year over year to $1,310. Adjusted EBITDA for the first quarter was $313 million, down 60% on a year-over-year basis. Adjusted EBITDA margins for the first quarter of 2026 fell to 22% from 39% in the year-ago quarter. Adjusted EBIT loss for the first quarter was $5 million compared with adjusted EBIT of $463 million in the first quarter of 2025. Adjusted EBIT margins in the first quarter of 2026 fell to 0% from 23% in the year-ago quarter. Currently, ZIM carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can seethe complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here. ZIM exited the first quarter with cash and cash equivalents of $921.6 million compared with $1.05 billion at the end of the previous quarter. ZIM generated $263 million of cash from operating activities in the first quarter of 2026. Net capital expenditures totaled $28 million for the reported quarter. Free cash flow was $235 million. Based on its dividend policy and in light of the net loss recorded in the first quarter of 2026, ZIM’s board of directorshas declared not to pay any dividend to shareholders on account of its first-quarter results. On Feb. 16, 2026, ZIM announced that it had inked a deal with Hapag-Lloyd, per which ZIM would be purchased by Hapag-Lloyd for $35.00 per share in cash. The deal was unanimously approved by ZIM's board of directors and approved by shareholders at a special meeting held on April 30, 2026. Subject to satisfaction of customary closing conditions, including approvals by various regulatory authorities, among them the State of Israel, pursuant to the requirements of the Special State Share (the "Golden Share"), the deal is anticipated to be completed in the fourth quarter of 2026. Delta Air Lines (DAL)reported first-quarter 2026 earnings (excluding $1.08 from non-recurring items) of 64 cents per share, which beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 61 cents. Earnings increased 39.1% on a year-over-year basis due to high labor costs. Adjusted revenues in the March-end quarter were $14.2 billion, beating the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $14 billion and increasing on a year-over-year basis. United Airlines Holdings, Inc. (UAL)reported solid first-quarter 2026 results wherein the company’s earnings and revenues beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate as well as improved on a year-over-year basis. UAL's first-quarter 2026 adjusted earnings per share (EPS) (excluding 95 cents from non-recurring items) of $1.19 surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $1.08 and increased 30.8% on a year-over-year basis. The reported figure lies within the guided range of $1.00-$1.50. Operating revenues of $14.6 billion outpaced the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $14.3 billion and increased 10.5% year over year. Passenger revenues (which accounted for 90.1% of the top line) increased 11% year over year to $13.1 billion. UAL flights transported 42,486 passengers in the first quarter, up 4.1% year over year. Cargo revenues fell 1.6% year over year to $422 million. Revenues from other sources rose 10.5% year over year to $1.02 billion. J.B. Hunt Transport ServicesJBHT posted first-quarter 2026 earnings per share of $1.49, up 27% from $1.17 a year ago. The result topped the Zacks Consensus Estimate by $0.04, a 2.8% surprise. Operating revenues totaled $3.06 billion, rising 4.6% year over year. Revenues beat the consensus mark of $2.94 billion, resulting in a 3.9% surprise, as demand proved resilient across several service offerings, led by Intermodal volume growth and higher revenue per load in select highway-related businesses. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) : Free Stock Analysis Report United Airlines Holdings Inc (UAL) : Free Stock Analysis Report J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. (JBHT) : Free Stock Analysis Report ZIM Integrated Shipping Services Ltd. (ZIM) : Free Stock Analysis Report This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com). Zacks Investment Research Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
