Title:   5 Mega-Cap Stocks That Beat Q1 2026 Earnings and Are Still Climbing
Date:    2026-05-04 15-15
URL:     https://www.marketbeat.com/originals/5-mega-cap-stocks-that-beat-q1-2026-earnings-and-are-still-climbing/?utm_source=yahoofinance&utm_medium=yahoofinance&.tsrc=rss
Content: This premium article is available to MarketBeat All Access subscribers only. Log in to your account or sign up below. Already have an account? Log in here. Before you consider Alphabet, you'll want to hear this. MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Alphabet wasn't on the list. While Alphabet currently has a Moderate Buy rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys. View The Five Stocks Here  Nuclear energy is entering a new growth cycle as rising power demand, expanding data centers, and renewed policy support bring the sector back into focus. After strong gains in recent years, the most impactful phase of nuclear investment may still be ahead.

This report highlights seven nuclear energy stocks positioned across the value chain—combining near-term revenue with long-term upside as next-generation technologies scale. Click the link below to unlock the full list. Sign up for MarketBeat All Access to gain access to MarketBeat's full suite of research tools. Featured By 
                                        345 N Reid Place, Suite 620, Sioux Falls, SD 57103
                                        
                                        contact@marketbeat.com
                                        
                                        (844) 978-6257
                                     © MarketBeat Media, LLC 2010-2026. All rights reserved. 
                                © 2026   Fair market value prices are updated every minute and are provided by Massive. Other market data provided is at least 10-minutes delayed and hosted by Barchart Solutions.  Information is provided 'as-is' and solely for informational purposes, not for trading purposes or advice, and is delayed. To see all exchange delays and terms of use please see Barchart's disclaimer. 
 My Account - 
 We and our partners share information on your use of this website to help improve your experience. For more information, or to opt out click the Do Not Sell My Information button below.
