Title: Ford seeks help with F-150, but White House won't budge
Date: 2026-04-09 03:33
URL: https://www.thestreet.com/automotive/ford-seeks-help-with-f-150-but-white-house-wont-budge?.tsrc=rss

Content:
The Cheesecake Factory has a sweet new offer for diners
Beloved whiskey company closes facilities, workers' jobs at risk
Amazon quietly makes surprising move into weight-related problems
Goldman Sachs resets its oil price forecasts for the rest of 2026
Meta expands CoreWeave deal with another $21B commitment
Goldman Sachs drops blunt warning on tech stocks
Goldman Sachs resets its oil price forecasts for the rest of 2026
Meta expands CoreWeave deal with another $21B commitment
150-year-old bank announces branch closures
Medicare Advantage changes could hit benefits in 2027
Vanguard debunks a deep-rooted retirement belief
Can home upgrades lower your insurance costs?
Macy’s makes a major bet it will win where Saks failed
Kohl’s CEO tells customers major revamp is on the way
Block stock explodes after Jack Dorsey makes a radical bet
TheStreet Newsletters
Get the latest in market trends or guidance on simple ways to grow your wealth.
or sign in with
Ford is still dealing with billions in losses from two huge fires at a supply plant in Oswego, New York.
Related Articles
Goldman Sachs resets its oil price forecasts for the rest of 2026
Hillary Remy
The Cheesecake Factory has a sweet new offer for diners
Madison Troyer
Amazon is selling a 10-foot pop-up canopy tent for $108 that has a built-in screen to keep the bugs out
Liz Sheldon
The only crew with access to a $450 million ‘gold rush’
StackCommerce
Recommended on TheStreet Pro
Negative News Flow No Match for Market Positives
James “Rev Shark” DePorre
Amazon's $200 Billion Capex Message Is a Nice Boost for These 2 Holdings
Chris Versace
China’s Influence Rises as Beijing Becomes Unusual U.S. Ally on Iran
Alex Frew McMillan
The Ford F-series was the best-selling pickup truck in the United States for the 44th consecutive year in 2025, but for months, the company had been asking the government for help with a costly issue, only to be repeatedly rebuffed, according to a new report.
President Donald Trump and his administration have denied repeated requests from Ford and other U.S. automakers for relief from aluminum tariffs, according to theWall Street Journal.
Inventory levels for the F-150 have been falling due to fallout fromthe September fire at the Novelis plant in Oswego, New York.
While Novelis suppliesindustry playerssuch as Coca-Cola,ABInBev, and Samsung with aluminum, the auto industry, including Ford, Jaguar LandRover, and Stellantis, is also extremely reliant on the company.
The blaze at the Oswego plant wasn’t your run-of-the-mill fire.
It took about 175 firefighters from 26 different area fire departments to extinguish the September blaze. Novelis said it would take months to return to full production, but on Nov. 20, a second fire broke out.
At the time, Ford said it was pivoting to other aluminum suppliers; however, it also estimated that it would lose between $1.5 billion and $2 billion inEBITin the fourth quarter due to the disruption.
While President Donald Trump announced the first batch of aluminum tariffs over a year ago, on Monday, April 6, the governmentofficially increased themto an ad valorem rate of 50% for goods made almost entirely of aluminum, steel, or copper. This includes coils and aluminum sheets, like the ones carmakers use for the bodies of their vehicles.
Both auto industry execs and the White House have said they’ve been in constant contact since before the first batch of auto tariffs went into effect, but the latest attempts to soften their tariff burdens have fallen on deaf ears, according to the Journal.
Ford F-150 shoppers may want to wait to buy
Ford faces an issue that will cost $2 billion as it looks to bolster its top-selling F-150 vehicle.
Tony Owusu
TheStreet Newsletters
Get the latest in market trends or guidance on simple ways to grow your wealth.
or sign in with
“In recent weeks, Ford has petitioned the Trump administration for assistance, asking officials for relief from the duties at least until Novelis’ Oswego plant returns to full service,” the Journal reported, citing “people with knowledge of the conversations.”
Ford previously saidit doesn’t expect to return the mill at Novelis to operations until “somewhere in the middle of the year, the range between May and September.” It did not immediately return a request for comment for this story.
According to the report, the “administration hasn’t budged,” leaving Ford in a billion-dollar hole from which it can’t escape. Trump officials say the administration has already given the automotive industry a break by allowing companies to recoup some of what they paid on automotive parts subject to the 25% tariff.
The Novelis fire cost Ford around 100,000 F-Series units last year, Sherry House, Ford’s chief financial officer, said in the company’slast earnings call.
Last year, Ford CEOJim Farley visited the Novelis sitefollowing the September 16 fire that brought down part of the factory’s roof.
“We immediately mobilized a dedicated crisis team, worked around the clock with Novelis to secure alternative aluminum sources for our operational lines and accelerate a plant’s recovery,” Farley said.
Despite the quick pivot, Ford expected an EBIT headwind between $1.5 billion and $2 billion in the fourth quarter, with a cash headwind of $1 billion or less between this year and next.
But he made those estimates before the second fire broke out at the plant on Nov. 20. A fire started in the section of the plant with the rolling mill, where heated aluminum slabs are flattened into long, thin sheets before they are processed further in a different area.
Ford expects to have the mill at Novelis back operational “somewhere in the middle of the year, the range between May and September.”
Ford is the plant’s biggest customer. In 2015, Ford decided toreplace the steel bodies of its large trucks and SUVs with aluminumto reduce weight and improve fuel economy.
Across the company, Ford reported a 16% decrease in its fourth-quarter inventory, resulting in a 66-day gross supply. The company says it expects F-150 inventory to be lower in the first half of the year, and the analysts at Cox Automotive are also seeing signs of this shift.
“Our data does suggest, generally, that F-150 inventory is tighter now than in recent memory. Simply looking at the first three quarters of 2025 (Jan. to Sept.), F-150 inventory was typically in the 115K unit neighborhood — that was the estimated total available F-150s on dealer lots across the U.S.,” Cox Automotive’s Mark Schirmer told TheStreet.
That number has dropped about 22% to 90K since the fourth quarter.
So what does this mean for the consumer?
“I suspect buyers will see some upward price pressure there,” Schirmer said. “As our former chief economist Jonathan Smoke was consistently telling us, ‘Inventory is the clearest signal of where pricing is headed, because supply conditions ultimately determine pricing power.'”
GM makes drastic decision pickup lovers will enjoy
Rising gas prices won’t stop GM from making this move.
Tony Owusu
©2026. The Arena Media Brands, LLC THESTREET is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.