Title: The Exact Portfolio Size Required to Live Entirely Off Dividends Instead of Your $60,000 Paycheck
Date: 2026-04-06 16:59
URL: https://247wallst.com/investing/2026/04/06/the-exact-portfolio-size-required-to-live-entirely-off-dividends-instead-of-your-60000-paycheck/?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Investing
JPMorgan Equity Premium Income ETF (JEPI) offers 7.56% yield requiring $794,000 to generate $60,000 annual income, while NEOS Nasdaq 100 High Income ETF (QQQI) yields 14.32% but carries significantly higher risk; Coca-Cola (KO) and Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) are Dividend Aristocrats with yields of 2.76% and 2.14% respectively that provide steady, safe income for long-term passive income strategies.
Building a diversified portfolio mixing dividend stocks and ETFs with a 4-5% yield across $1-1.7 million creates sustainable passive income while balancing safety and upside potential through dividend reinvestment over time.
Are you ahead, or behind on retirement?SmartAsset's free toolcan match you with a financial advisor in minutes to help you answer that today. Each advisor has been carefully vetted, and must act in your best interests. Don't waste another minute;learn more here.(Sponsor)
Sending You to Google News in3
© Ilyas nasrulloh / Shutterstock.com
It can be an appealing idea to replace your paycheck with passive income. While it sounds exciting on the surface, it is a slightly complicated task. You’ll have to work backwards and find out how much income you need and then divide it with a yield. This will give you an investment amount, based on which you can build a portfolio.
The number you need will depend on the investments you choose, your financial goals, and the risk you’re willing to take. If you want to live entirely off dividends and want to generate $60,000 annually in dividends, you’ll need to pick investments that have a high yield and can sustain dividends.
Either you can invest in 5% yield blue-chip stocks or go for a 7% yield from exchange-traded funds (ETFs). While both can generate $60,000 in annual income, the risk and return profile vary. The portfolio will look different, and they will behave differently in case of a market downturn. It helps to understand the investment options and their differences before you build a plan that fits your goal of living entirely off dividends.
The easiest way to begin is to divide $60,000 by the yield. Say you’re planning to invest in theJPMorgan Equity Premium Income ETF(NYSEARCA:JEPI), which has a yield of 7.56% and an annual payout of $4.77 per share. This means you’ll need $794,000 to generate a dividend of $60,000 annually. Thefund pays monthly dividends, making it easier for you to cover regular expenses.
Now, if you choose to invest in theVanguard High Dividend Yield Index Fund ETF(NYSEARCA:VYM), which has a yield of 2.41%, you get an annual payout of $3.51 per share. However, you’ll need a higher investment amount. You will require approximately $2.4 million to generate $60,000 in annual passive income. If you choose an investment with a 5% yield, you’ll need less principal. With a 5% yield, you need to invest $1.2 million. Hence, higher-yield options can help achieve your goal with a lower principal amount.
Additionally, if you’re ready to take on risk, considerNEOS Nasdaq 100 High Income ETF(NASDAQ:QQQI) with a yield of 14.32%. You’ll only require $419,000 to generate the same annual return. However, therisk will be much higheras compared to other lower-yield alternatives. Investing $794,000 in JEPI could be a better option than investing $419,000 in QQQI. The yield might be lower, but the income will remain safe.
Besides ETFs, there are several stocks that pay steady dividends and have a yield higher than 2%. Several Dividend Aristocrats have rewarded investors for years, and they have a history of increasing dividends. While you will have to remain invested for the long term, the return will be steady.
You caninvest in Dividend Aristocrats,Coca-Cola(NYSE:KO|KO Price Prediction) andJohnson & Johnson(NYSE:JNJ), with yields of 2.76% and 2.14%, respectively. To generate a dividend income of $60,000, you’ll have to invest $1 million in Coca-Cola and $1.4 million in Johnson & Johnson. Each stock will generate a dividend of $30,000 annually.A mix of dividend stocks can bring stability and diversification to the portfolio.
Are you ahead, or behind on retirement?SmartAsset's free toolcan match you with a financial advisor in minutes to help you answer that today. Each advisor has been carefully vetted, and must act in your best interests. Don't waste another minute;learn more here.(Sponsor)
While it may be tempting to invest your money in a high-yield ETF or stocks, a lower yield also means safer income. Funds likeSchwab U.S. Dividend Equity ETF(NYSEARCA:SCHD) andVanguard Dividend Appreciation ETF(NYSEARCA:VIG) have a broader approach, and they invest in stocks with at least 10 years of consecutive dividend payments.
The companies are screened for financial strength, and the income is backed by cash flow and sustainable payout. Over the long term, theseETFs deliver a higher return, and reinvestment of the dividends can lead to wealth generation. As your dividends keep growing, you’ll need less new capital to invest. The yield might be lower, but the income is stronger over the long term.
ETFs like QQQI may offer a significantly higher yield, but they also carry high risk. JEPI generates yield from options premiums using a covered call strategy. It can cut the upfront investment in half, but there’s a trade-off: it will cap your upside in a bull market. You’ll continue to enjoy monthly dividends, but the upside will be limited.
If you have a long time horizon or are looking to build a retirement fund, consider ETFs like the Schwab U.S. Dividend Equity ETF and Vanguard High Dividend ETF. It is a wiser path, especially when you reinvest the dividends.
If you’re looking for maximum cash flow and can take some risk, build a portfolio that is a mix of dividend stocks and dividend ETFs. Focusing on a single ETF or stock will be risky if the market conditions shift. Hence, consider the tax, and start with a yield you’re comfortable with. This will take you to the investment amount.
Say, a 4% yield will mean investing about $1.5 million to $1.7 million for an after-tax income of $60,000. A portfolio with a yield around 5% will mean you invest $1 million and split it between high-yield stocks, dividend ETFs, and bonds. Ultimately, the portfolio will depend on your goals, risk appetite, and the yield.
Retirement planning doesn’t have to feel overwhelming. The key is finding expert guidance, and SmartAsset’s simple quiz makes it easier than ever for you to connect with a vetted financial advisor. Here’s how:
Answer a few simple questions
Get Matched with Vetted Advisors
Choose Your  Fit
Why wait? Start building the retirement you’ve always dreamed of.Get started today!(sponsor)
Vandita Jadeja is a financial copywriter who loves to read and write about stocks. She believes in buying and holding for long term gains. Her knowledge of words and numbers helps her write clear stock analysis. She has contributed to several publications, including the Joy Wallet, Benzinga, The Motley Fool and InvestorPlace.
Our top personal finance-related articles today. Your wallet will thank you later.
Is your retirement close? There’s nothing to fear. There are ways to make your retirement financially secure and comfortable. Even…
Dividends have gained immense popularity lately. It could be due to the interest rate cuts this month, sending investors back…
The idea of replacing a paycheck with dividends sounds simple enough, and on the surface, you just need to find…
I strongly believe investing is about making your money work for you. When I invest in any asset, I look…
Getting rich through dividend investing can be a sensible goal as long as you have patience and don’t take on…
Retirement is almost here? No need to fear! Even if your monthly goal of earning $5,000 in dividends starts in…
Investing can help you build wealth, and the right investment strategy can make it easier for you to retire early.…
If you’re approaching retirement or are already retired, you’d be thinking harder than ever for ways to supplement your income.…
Many individual stocks provide steady earnings for investors through dividend distributions. However, you can actually achieve higher yields and greater…