Title: Should You Buy Beloved Warren Buffett Stock Coca-Cola Before April 28?
Date: 2026-04-09 21:05
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/09/should-you-buy-beloved-warren-buffett-stock-coca/?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Interested investors may not want to wait around to get involved with the stock.
Investing is often an event-driven pursuit. Even buy-and-hold market participants need to be mindful of geopolitical headlines, new product launches, and of course, earnings reports.
Speaking of earnings reports, the calendar has turned to April, meaning an avalanche of first-quarter updates is in store for investors over the coming weeks. That includesCoca-Cola(KO+1.20%), which is slated to step into the earnings confessional before U.S. markets open on Tuesday, April 28.
There's no need to wait until April 28 to get involved with Coca-Cola stock. Image source: Getty Images.
As one of thelargest consumer staples companiesand one of the top performers in the sector this year, Coca-Cola has legions of fans, both consumers and investors. Those in the latter category may be wondering whether to hit the "buy" button today or wait until the soda maker officially reports results for the March quarter. It might be best to act now.
There are various reasons investors shouldn't dilly dally withCoca-Cola stock, not the least of which is that it's up 8.6% year to date. So it's got momentum behind it. If interested investors wait around much longer, they may be forced to pay up to get involved.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Another reason to eschew market timing with Coca-Cola is that smart market participants view the stock through a long-term lens. Need more convincing about that? It's one of the four "forever" equity holdings atBerkshire Hathaway.
For investors worried about post-earnings volatility in thisconsumer staples stock, it's a valid concern, but not one to lose sleep over. When Coca-Cola reported third-quarter results last October, it notched a post-report jump of 3.5%, but that was unusual. Over the prior 12 quarters, the beverage giant's average post-earnings move was 0.7%. That is to say, this is usually a docile earnings play.
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name.
Coca-Cola's reputation for a lack of post-earnings turbulence is attractive and potentially important ahead of the upcoming report, as Henrique Braun took the reins as CEO on March 31. The conference call with analysts may include questions about the company's digitization and marketing integration plans, as well as efforts to expedite product launches, which the new boss previously discussed.
For those still on the fence about when to buy Coca-Cola stock, there are other valid reasons to make a move before April 28. The stock gained some acclaim with an appearance on Deutsche Bank's "Fresh Money" ideas list for the second quarter, with the bank noting that previous free cash flow conversion issues are a thing of the past and that the stock's valuation is "fair," if not "attractive."
It's not guaranteed that Coca-Cola's multiple will remain undemanding for an extended period of time, so there's nothing wrong with being a bit impatient and nibbling at the stock before April 28.Exercise patience after getting involved because with $16 billion  in cash on hand as of the end of 2025, Coca-Cola has the tools necessary to invest in its business and grow its dividend, which it has done for 64 consecutive years.
Before you buy stock inCoca-Cola, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andCoca-Colawasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $536,003!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,116,248!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is946% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to190%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2026.
Todd Shriberhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Berkshire Hathaway. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over18 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 18 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends