Title: Social Security Has Never Missed a Payment. Will That Change Soon?
Date: 2026-04-09 16:20
URL: https://www.fool.com/retirement/2026/04/09/social-security-has-never-missed-a-payment-will-th/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
The program is in a very difficult spot right now.
Few people would disagree with the fact that Social Security has problems. Many recipients believe that their checks don't cover enough living expenses and that their buying power has declined over time.
But despite those valid concerns, the Social Security Administration (SSA) has gotten one thing right: It has never failed to make a payment in the 86 years the program has been paying monthly benefits.
Some people worry that this will change, given that Social Security is now less than a decade away from insolvency. While the news on that front definitely isn't good, it may not be as concerning as you've been imagining.
Image source: Getty Images.
When people hear that Social Security is running out of money, many jump to the conclusion that the program will end. But that's not true.
This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating
Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason.
Social Security's trust funds are rapidly running out of money. When that happens, it will only have the revenue from payroll taxes and benefit taxes on seniors to cover future checks. These already fund the bulk of the program, but they're not enough to cover all its costs.
If the government does nothing, benefit cuts would happen. A recent Congressional Budget Office report says that benefits would decline by about 7% in 2032 and by an average of 28% between 2033 and 2036. 


That's not as bad as losing your checks entirely, but it's definitely not great. A 28% loss would drop the $2,076 average monthly benefit as of February 2026 to about $1,495 per month. This would be a huge blow to seniors, especially those who rely heavily on their checks. But it's not guaranteed to happen.
This isn't the first time the SSA has been in danger of running out of money. The program was in a similar position in the 1980s, and the government modified it to allow it to continue payments to all eligible beneficiaries. It will likely do the same thing again.
The catch is that the changes the government would have to make to avoid benefit cuts will require raising taxes. But there's more than one way to do that.
It could raise the payroll tax on the first $184,500 of workers' income in 2026. Or it could raise or eliminate the ceiling on that tax to force the wealthy to pay more into the program each year. It could also raise benefit taxes on seniors.
We don't know yet what will happen. But we'll likely find out in the next few years as the 2032 deadline approaches. Once we know the government's solution, it will be time to revisit your retirement plans and make adjustments as needed.
Retirement planning mistakes can add up, and research suggests working with a fiduciary advisor — who is required to act in your best interest — can add hundreds of thousands more to your retirement funds.
 SmartAsset’s free tool  matches you with up to three vetted fiduciary advisors in minutes. No cost. No obligation.
 Match me with an advisor on SmartAsset › 
The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years, potentially setting you up for a more prosperous retirement.
Consider when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,116,248!*
Stock Advisor provides investors with an easy-to-follow blueprint for success, including guidance on building a portfolio, regular updates from analysts, and two new stock picks each month. The Stock Advisor service has nearly 5x'd the return of S&P 500 since 2002*.
Continue ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2026. 
This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating
Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
