Title: Why Applied Digital Stock Is Sinking Today
Date: 2026-04-09 16:21
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/09/why-applied-digital-stock-is-sinking-today/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Applied Digital just delivered very strong quarterly results, but its stock is still selling-off.
Applied Digital (APLD 4.17%) stock is getting hit with selling pressures Thursday. The data-center company's share price was down 5.4% as of noon ET amid the backdrop of a 0.3% gain for both the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq Composite. The tech stock had been off as much as 9.8% earlier in the session. 
Applied Digital posted its fiscal Q3 results after yesterday's market close, reporting sales and earnings that exceeded Wall Street's targets. Unfortunately, the market wasn't happy with all aspects of the report -- and shares are selling off today. 
Image source: Getty Images.
Yesterday, Applied Digital published results for the third-quarter of its current fiscal year -- which ended Feb. 28. The company actually crushed Wall Street's expectations for the period. 
Applied Digital reported non-GAAP (adjusted) earnings per share of $0.09 on sales of $126.6 million. The company's adjusted earnings per share arrived $0.30 better than the average Wall Street analyst estimate had predicted, and its sales beat the average forecast by $48.1 million. Revenue was up an impressive 139% year over year in the quarter, but the performance hasn't been enough to stave off sell-offs today. 
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
While Applied Digital far exceeded sales and earnings targets for fiscal Q3, some investors and analysts may not be thrilled with some of the catalysts driving the beat. Contributions from relatively low-margin categories, including fit-out services and power passthroughs, played big roles in delivering results that crushed Wall Street's targets. 
In addition to margin-related concerns, investors may have also wanted to hear more news about new lease contracts with major hyperscaler customers. Expectations were high heading into the quarterly report, and the market apparently didn't get the outlook clarity it was looking for. 

 


Before you buy stock in Applied Digital, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Applied Digital wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $536,003!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,116,248!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 946% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 190% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2026. 

Keith Noonan has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 35 Amazons.
What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
