Title: Forget Rate Cuts. The Fed Might End Up Hiking Rates This Year.
Date: 2026-04-09 17:13
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/09/forget-rate-cuts-the-fed-might-end-up-hiking-rates/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
The outlook for interest rate cuts this year has completely reversed over the past month.
Just a month ago, it looked like the stock market could look forward to two or even three interest rate cuts this year. Such cuts almost always boost share prices.
Today, however, the futures market sees a 78% chance that the Federal Reserve will make zero cuts in 2026. Worse, the idea is beginning to creep up that the Fed's next policy move will be a rate hike, not a cut. Cleveland Federal Reserve President Beth Hammack recently said she thinks a rate hike is possible this year. "I could see where we might need to raise rates if inflation stays persistently above our target," Hammack said in an interview with The Associated Press this month. 
She's not the only Fed official to see it that way. Last month, Austan Goolsbee, president of the Chicago Fed, said that "rate increases have to be on the table" if inflation ticks up in the coming months. And a recent release of minutes of the Fed's January meeting show that 19 Fed officials on the rate-setting committee wanted the Fed's statement to reflect the possibility of rate hikes.
So what does this all mean for long-term investors?
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
An uptick in inflation is very likely to show up in Friday's Consumer Price Index report, which will be published before the market opens on April 10. The Cleveland Fed estimates that headline inflation jumped 0.84% month over month in March, which would be a huge increase.
A Fed hike in response to rising inflation is not yet reflected in Fed funds futures markets. Right now, futures traders are assigning just a 1% or so chance of that happening. 
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name. 
Image source: Getty Images.
But expectations of a hike are indicated by the yield of the two-year Treasury note. That yield is very sensitive to monetary policy, and right now it's trading above the effective Fed funds rate, suggesting that bond traders expect a higher Fed funds rate in the near future. 
If the Fed does decide to hike its benchmark interest rate this year, it will certainly rock the stock market. Because when the Fed is raising rates -- also known as tightening the money supply -- risk assets like stocks tend to fare poorly.
That's what makes Friday's CPI report so critical. Many traders will automatically reduce their exposure to equities if inflation comes in higher than expected, because they'll expect the Fed to raise rates this year. Thus, the phrase, "Don't fight the Fed."
Investors can prepare for higher interest rates by avoiding stocks of companies that borrow heavily, especially real estate investment trusts, and overweighting financial stocks, which will see an increase in their net interest margins -- the difference between what they earn on loans and pay on deposits.
Nvidia’s CEO just revealed that one breakthrough could create more millionaires in the next five years than the internet did in two decades.
Amazon’s Jeff Bezos says it is “hard to overstate the impact.” And Cathie Wood projects AI could be an $80 trillion opportunity by 2030. That is the equivalent of 18 Nvidias, 29 Microsofts, or 35 Amazons.
But here’s what most investors miss: almost all that growth runs through a single choke point. One little-known company, called an “Indispensable Monopoly,” provides the critical technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size. We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name.
Continue ›
The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 35 Amazons.
What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
