Title: This Has Only Happened 1 Other Time in Bitcoin's History -- Here's What Could Happen Next
Date: 2026-04-09 16:46
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/09/this-has-only-happened-1-other-time-in-bitcoins-hi/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Bitcoin's months-long decline finally took a break.
Bitcoin (BTC +0.58%) just pulled off something that looked very unlikely just a few hours before the clock ran out in the month of March. After five consecutive months of price declines, the coin closed the month 1.8% higher, breaking the downtrend's streak and barely avoiding a run that has been seen only once in its entire history.
That precedent, a six-month losing streak from August 2018 through January 2019, ended with one of the most ferocious recoveries Bitcoin has ever produced. Does that mean the same coiled energy is present now, or will things be different this time?
Image source: Getty Images.
Between October 2025 and February 2026, Bitcoin fell every single month, shedding roughly 45% from its all-time high near $126,000 reached in October 2025. As far as drawdowns go, this one wasn't exceptional at all. Bitcoin has declined by 80% from its prior highs before going on to make new all-time highs at least four times in its history thus far.
The only time Bitcoin has strung together six red months was during the 2018 bear market. Then, from February through June 2019, Bitcoin rallied more than 200%, climbing from around $3,400 to above $13,000 in a powerful snapback, massively benefiting the investors who were brave enough to buy the dip.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
This time around, the losing streak stopped at five months rather than six, so the parallel isn't exact. But the same dynamic of prolonged pressure-testing of holders' resolve leading to a scorching rally could still be in play.
The base case is that Bitcoin's price is going to trend upward a bit more rapidly than usual in the near term, given its potentially oversold conditions. But it's important to note that Bitcoin's 2018-2019 recovery played out against a relatively calm macroeconomic and geopolitical backdrop compared to today.
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name. 
The war in Iran has kept the price of oil elevated and it's not clear how the ceasefire is going to play out. At the same time, the Federal Reserve's path toward interest rate cuts, which would typically support risk assets like cryptocurrencies, has grown much murkier as energy-driven inflation pressures intensify.
Yet Bitcoin has displayed stubborn resilience despite this ongoing disruption and uncertainty. Throughout the Iran conflict, the coin has held between roughly $65,000 and $73,000, at times outperforming stocks even as oil prices spiked.
For those who plan to be holding their Bitcoin for more than five years or so, the synthesis of these factors tilts toward being cautiously optimistic.
Conflicts eventually end, along with the disruptions they bring. Bitcoin will still be around whenever that happens, so it makes sense to continue accumulating it all the while as part of a diversified portfolio. If it goes on a tear from here, that'll be the icing on the cake.

 


Before you buy stock in Bitcoin, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Bitcoin wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $536,003!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,116,248!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 946% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 190% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2026. 

Alex Carchidi has positions in Bitcoin. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Bitcoin. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 18 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 18 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
