Title: The Hype Around CoreWeave's $21 Billion Meta Deal Faded Fast, but Could Investors Be Missing Out?
Date: 2026-04-09 17:36
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/09/the-hype-around-coreweaves-21-billion-meta-deal-fa/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
CoreWeave signed another blockbuster deal, but investor response was muted.
CoreWeave (CRWV +5.25%) is one of the fastest-growing AI stocks on the market, regularly reporting triple-digit revenue growth rates, even as the company is set to top $10 billion in revenue this year.
However, investor skepticism toward the neocloud operator has built since the stock peaked last June as its losses are mounting and it continues to take on new debt to fund its data center build-out.
Investors got another taste of that volatility on Thursday as cheers over a new deal with Meta Platforms (META +2.93%) quickly faded. 
Image source: Getty Images.
CoreWeave said today that it would expand its agreement to sell AI cloud capacity to Meta Platforms by around $21 billion through 2032. The new capacity will include some initial deployments of Nvidia's highly anticipated Vera Rubin platform. 
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
The announcement comes just a day after Meta launched a new large language model, Muse Spark, which is receiving positive reviews. 
For CoreWeave, the Meta deal will help it further diversify its revenue base, as the company has relied on Microsoft to provide more than half of its revenue. With the Meta contract on the books, no customer will represent more than 35% of the company's sales. 
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name. 
CoreWeave stock spiked on the news in premarket trading, gaining as much as 8%, but then the stock pulled back shortly afterward when the company announced a debt offering, which included $1.25 billion in senior debt and $3 billion in convertible debt. 
Those two news items, the debt raise and the Meta deal, didn't need to be announced on the same day, but they go hand-in-hand. CoreWeave can't sign and fulfill such contracts unless it takes on more debt. It's a double-edged sword for the stock and its investors.
CoreWeave was even in the red this morning, but turned positive along with the broad market on news that Israel had agreed to talks with Lebanon. As of 12:44 p.m. ET, CoreWeave was up 4.7%.
Despite investor skepticism about the debt raise, the Meta news is a good sign for CoreWeave. After all, that is how it grows, and securing revenue is its biggest goal right now. Eventually, it will have to sustainably fund its business and turn a profit, but given the ongoing AI infrastructure boom with hyperscalers spending around $700 billion this year on capital expenditures, it makes sense for CoreWeave to go after that opportunity.
The larger it grows now, the more leverage the AI stock should have to turn a profit when the time comes. 
 



 


Before you buy stock in CoreWeave, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and CoreWeave wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $536,003!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,116,248!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 946% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 190% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2026. 

Jeremy Bowman has positions in CoreWeave, Meta Platforms, and Nvidia. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Meta Platforms, Microsoft, and Nvidia. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 18 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 18 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
