Title: Why Atlassian Stock Dropped Today
Date: 2026-04-09 16:25
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/09/why-atlassian-stock-dropped-today/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Atlassian isn't worth $190 anymore -- but it could still double from here.
Shares of workplace software company Atlassian Corporation (TEAM 8.57%), author of both Jira and Confluence, tumbled 6.3% through 10:45 a.m. ET Thursday.
Guggenheim analyst Howard Ma may be the reason.
Image source: Getty Images.
Ma lowered his price target on Atlassian stock to $115 this morning, a near-40% cut in his valuation of the stock, as reported today on TheFly.com. That sounds bad, but it's worth noting that Atlassian stock currently trades below $60 a share. So while the price target was cut nearly in half, the analyst still predicts Atlassian shares could nearly double over the next 12 months.  
And he still thinks Atlassian shares are a buy. He still believes Atlassian possesses a "deep technology moat ... that AI cannot easily replace."
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
So why cut the price target at all? Well, even if artificial intelligence doesn't disrupt Atlassian's business model entirely, it may still slow it down, limit its market share, or at least slow its expansion into that market as potential customers try AI before finally deciding to pay for Atlassian's software products.
That's the short-term threat. Long-term, however, Wall Street analysts generally agree that Atlassian has a long growth path ahead of it, and forecast 20% average annual earnings gains over the next five years. With the stock costing less than 13 times trailing free cash flow today, Atlassian stock looks cheap to me.
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name. 
And today's share price decline could be a buying opportunity in disguise.
 

 


Before you buy stock in Atlassian, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Atlassian wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $536,003!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,116,248!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 946% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 190% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2026. 

Rich Smith has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Atlassian. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 35 Amazons.
What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
