Title: China Hit Brakes on Fiscal Stimulus as Economy Holds Up Amid War
Date: 2026-04-25 02:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/china-hit-brakes-fiscal-stimulus-020000722.html?.tsrc=rss

Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home.
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker.
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude.
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
(Bloomberg) -- China pulled back on fiscal spending in March as the economy rebounded at the start of the year despite disruptions caused by the war in Iran.
Most Read from Bloomberg
The Billion-Barrel Hormuz Oil Shock Is About to Crash Demand
Gunman Detained, Trump Evacuated After Shooting at Press Dinner
Trump Scraps US Trip for Iran Talks, Leaving Ceasefire in Limbo
The Hottest Phone for Kids Right Now Is a $100 Landline
Google Plans to Invest Up to $40 Billion in Anthropic
A broad measure of public expenditure fell 2.5% last month from a year earlier, its biggest decline since October, according to Bloomberg calculations based on Ministry of Finance data released Friday.
By contrast, broad fiscal revenue climbed 3.4%, the most since July, leaving a deficit of over 1.5 trillion yuan ($230 billion).
The world’s second-biggest economy saw growth pick up more than expected in the first quarter, in a turnaround from the end of last year as manufacturing powered ahead. The conflict in the Middle East has yet to pose a major threat to China, thanks in part to the country’s past moves to beef up energy security.
The surprise upswing in growth may have reduced the need for fiscal stimulus beyond what’s planned in the budget for this year. Policymakers are also careful in extending support because of mounting debt concerns and shrinking government income.
And there’s less urgency for Beijing after it lowered its annual growth target to 4.5%-5% this year — the least ambitious goal since 1991.
“The priority is to fully implement the policies already in place,” Yang Zhiyong, director of the government-backed Chinese Academy of Fiscal Sciences, told Bloomberg.
Infrastructure-related expenditure under China’s main budget dropped 8.5% in March from a year earlier after increasing in the previous month, according to Bloomberg calculations.
The pullback was more significant than the slowdown in infrastructure investment growth, according to Goldman Sachs Group Inc. economists including Lisheng Wang. That implies “some off-budget government financing channels may have provided a support,” they wrote in a note after the data release.
China kept the 2026 government bond quota little changed from last year, as Beijing tries to contain local debt risks after a long borrowing binge. Meanwhile, it raised the amount of new policy financing tools, a quasi-fiscal instrument, by 60% to 800 billion yuan this year to help drive investment.
Constrained by narrowing fiscal space, policymakers are also experimenting with ways to amplify the reach of government expenditure on economic activity. This year, they announced measures to fund financial tools such as loan guarantees and an interest subsidy with public money, in an attempt to encourage business investment and consumer spending.
The conflict in the Middle East could still complicate stimulus plans, since the blocking of the Strait of Hormuz, a vital waterway for energy, is pushing up oil prices and risks weakening foreign demand for Chinese exports.
The government has room to “adjust or optimize” measures depending on how the situation evolves, Yang said, acknowledging external uncertainty has “intensified.”
Goldman’s Wang estimates the amount of outstanding fiscal deposits as of March was 5.3% — or 340 billion yuan — above its level a year ago. The cash is a handy source of funding should the government have to ramp up stimulus to offset any unexpected economic woes.
Tax revenue rose 2.2% on year in January-March, the strongest cumulative gain since 2023, the ministry’s data showed. The rebound suggests government efforts to close tax loopholes and tighten collection are paying off.
Broad government income fell in the past two years as slowing economic growth dented tax receipts and a prolonged housing slump led to a contraction in land sales revenue.
As a result, Chinese authorities are having to take unusually strong measures to boost income, since more public spending needs to go toward spurring consumption, alongside trying to make up for waning private investment.
Still, in a sign that weakness still plagues the property market, local income from selling land continued to decrease at double-digit rates, tumbling 24.4% in the first quarter.
(Updates with additional details and comments starting in eighth paragraph.)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
‘I Have Half of MAGA’: The Republican Challenging Trump From Within
United’s CEO Is Here to Buy Your Struggling Airline
A Restaurant That’s Barely Raised Prices Since 1973
Why If the War Doesn’t End Soon, Everyone Will Pay
AI Startup Has Helped Reverse Thousands of Denied Health Insurance Claims
©2026 Bloomberg L.P.