Title: Goldman expects 100 IPOs totalling $160 billion will come to market in 2026
Date: 2026-04-25 13:30
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/goldman-expects-100-ipos-totalling-133016278.html?.tsrc=rss

Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home.
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker.
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude.
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
Investing.com -- Despite recent volatility, there has been a rebound in the broader equities market, evidenced by the ongoing investor appetite for new issuance. According to Goldman Sachs, there will be 100 IPOs totalling $160 billion launched in 2026.
While the firm had previously forecast 120 IPOs totalling $160 billion, and its IPO barometer now suggests 136 IPO launches, firm analysts have observed that geopolitical uncertainty and recent equity market volatility will translate into fewer IPOs.
In a note addressing common client questions on potential impending mega IPOs, Goldman analyst Ben Snider notes that the average 2026 IPO has jumped 19% on the first trading day—in line with the median historical return.
The trend has been for strong first-day rallies followed by below-average returns in subsequent months.
Over the first 3 weeks of Q2, the average first-day return for the eight IPOs launched has been 27%; this is above the historical median and the average first-day return over Q1 which was 16%.
The IPO pipeline is robust with company managements expressing cautious optimism and Goldman’s IPO barometer delivering supportive signals.
Another headwind this year is the 20% concentration of the IPO backlog from 2025 in Software. While several large private companies are going to go public this year, the 2026 IPO forecasts face risks on account of the uncertain timing and magnitude of these large IPOs.
“53 companies have filed to go public YTD, more than double the amount during the comparable period last year. Although the substantial weight of Software stocks in the IPO backlog remains a downside risk to IPO activity, none of the 19 companies filing for IPO since early April have been Software companies,” said Snider.
Among the mega IPOs coming in 2026 is SpaceX with a public listing at a potential valuation of over $1.75 trillion after the company merged with the artificial intelligence startup xAI. Reuters noted that the deal values the rocket company at $1 trillion and the developer of the Grok chatbot at $250 billion.
On SpaceX’s analyst day on April 21, it was announced that the company’s trading debut will come in late June, and it is looking to raise $75 billion. This will be the world’s biggest IPO.
The best performing IPOs, both recently and in recent decades, have been those companies that have had a short path to profitability.
Related articles
Goldman expects 100 IPOs totalling $160 billion will come to market in 2026
Wolfe Research outlines eight risks that could spark stock declines in 2026
This sector is 'poised for a big, beautiful year': Truist