Title: Microsoft Corp. (MSFT) Well-Positioned with Overseas AI Infrastructure and Cybersecurity Investments
Date: 2026-04-25 03:43
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/technology/articles/microsoft-corp-msft-well-positioned-034354207.html?.tsrc=rss

Microsoft Corp. (NASDAQ:MSFT) is one of the10 best cybersecurity stocks to invest in according to analysts. The company’s multi-year overseas investments in AI infrastructure and cybersecurity are supporting a bullish case on the stock. On April 3, Microsoft Corp. (NASDAQ:MSFT) unveiled a $10 billion investment in Japan for the period from 2026 to 2029, amounting to roughly ¥1.6 trillion. It is Microsoft’s most significant investment in Japan ever. The investment comes after an earlier $2.9 billion investment in April 2024. Pieter Beens / Shutterstock.com Under this investment program, the framework for initiatives to be taken is built around three key pillars. First is the technology pillar, which includes leveraging the in-country AI ecosystem via collaborations with Sakura Internet and SoftBank. Next is the trust pillar, which will be dedicated to establishing stronger cybersecurity partnerships with Japan’s National Cybersecurity Office and National Police Agency. Finally, the talent pillar will aim to train 1 million engineers and developers by 2030. This announcement follows Microsoft’s current program that has already trained over 3.4 million individuals in Japan, resulting in a high level of AI adoption in Japan. Currently, almost one out of every five adults in Japan uses generative AI. The figure surpasses the world average. 94% of Nikkei 225 companies also employ Microsoft 365 Copilot. This strategy will solve the shortage of the AI and robotics workforce predicted at 3.26 million by 2040. Given current market trends, this is a substantial growth for Microsoft in the area. Microsoft Corp. (NASDAQ:MSFT) is a technology leader that delivers software, cloud computing, and PC solutions. Some of its offerings include Microsoft 365 commercial, enterprise mobility, Power BI, Microsoft Teams, and security and compliance solutions. The company’s Intelligent Cloud segment includes its public cloud platform, Azure, that delivers server products and enterprise mobility services. While we acknowledge the potential of MSFT as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on thebest short-term AI stock. READ NEXT:33 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Yearsand15 Stocks That Will Make You Rich in 10 Years. Disclosure: None.Follow Insider Monkey on Google News.