Title: Occidental Petroleum vs. Exxon Mobil_ Comparing Scale in Quarterly Revenue
Date: 2026-04-29 15:11
URL: https://www.fool.com/coverage/charts/2026/04/29/occidental-petroleum-vs-exxon-mobil-comparing-scale-in-quarterly-revenue/?.tsrc=rss

Quarterly results reveal a pronounced revenue gap and contrasting margin performance between these two energy giants. See how recent trends are shaping the race
Occidental Petroleum (OXY 0.30%) primarily engages in the acquisition, exploration, and development of oil and gas properties, operating primarily in the United States, the Middle East, Africa, and Latin America.
Exxon Mobil (XOM 0.22%) explores for and produces crude oil and natural gas globally, while also operating large downstream and chemical segments that capture, manufacture, and sell various petrochemical products.
Revenue here refers to the data provider's standardized income statement revenue line item and serves as a fundamental financial indicator that helps retail investors evaluate the total money brought in by a company's core commercial operations before any operating expenses are deducted.
Data source: Company filings.
Exxon Mobil and Occidental Petroleum are two of the best-known energy stocks. Exxon is one of the largest public companies in the world, with a market cap of $633 billion. Occidental, on the other hand, boasts a market cap of $59 billion, roughly 10x smaller than Exxon’s. 
This difference in size is also reflected in the two companies’ respective revenue. Exxon’s quarterly revenue has averaged around $83 billion over the last three years, while Occidental has generated about $6.5 billion in quarterly revenue over the same period. 
However, revenue isn’t the only factor for investors to consider. Both Exxon and Occidental should be viewed through a value lens. On that front, Exxon offers a dividend yield of 2.7%, while Occidental has a dividend yield of 1.7%. 
This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating
Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason.
As for profitability, Occidental has a higher operating margin of 9.3% compared to ExxonMobil’s 7.5%. However, this gap has steadily narrowed in recent quarters.
In summary, Exxon Mobil easily wins the head-to-head matchup on size — but that shouldn’t be the only consideration for investors. For value-oriented investors in particular, measures of profitability, cash flow, and the health of the balance sheet are also factors worth considering.

 


Before you buy stock in Occidental Petroleum, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Occidental Petroleum wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $496,797!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,282,815!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 979% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 200% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 30, 2026. 

Jake Lerch has positions in ExxonMobil. The Motley Fool recommends Occidental Petroleum. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 55 Metas.
What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating
Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends