Title: Nike cuts 1,400 roles as it reshapes technology team
Date: 2026-04-24 14:41
URL: https://www.ciodive.com/news/nike-cuts-1400-roles-reshapes-technology-team/818477/?.tsrc=rss

Let CIO Dive’s free newsletter keep you informed, straight from your inbox.
The athletic apparel brand’s layoffs follow a pattern of tech job losses in 2026, as companies assess talent needs amid AI deployment strategies.
Nike’s job cuts follow a layoff wave among companies, including some targeting technology workers specifically. The trend is beginning to hurt IT worker confidence.
Home Depot in February cut 800 jobs large ly concentrated in its technology organization. Amazon has laid off 30,000 employees since October 2025, citing an ongoing culture shift at the company. Meanwhile, Meta is reportedly planning to lay off roughly 10% of its workforce in May, fueled in part by an AI push.
Technology sector companies have laid off more than 52,000 employees in 2026, up 40% from the same time last year, according to an April report from Challenger, Gray & Christmas. More layoffs are expected to hit the tech industry this year, according to Challenger, as budgets shift toward AI investments.
The technology industry saw the most significant drop in employee confidence over the last year, following years of company cost-cutting and layoffs, according to a March report from Glassdoor.
Nike’s technology-focused job cuts come as the company enters the final phase of its Win Now turnaround strategy, an effort launched in December 2025 by Nike CEO Elliott Hill focused on innovation and improving operational efficiency. Hill announced major senior leadership changes in December aimed at accelerating Win Now actions, including bringing on Alagirisamy to better connect and integrate technology into business operations.
“He and his team will now be able to look end to end to ensure that technology is fully integrated across the company and into how we create, plan, make, deliver and sell our world-class innovations across our three iconic brands,” Hill said in the announcement at the time.
Hill said during Nike’ s Q3 2026 earnings call in March that while the initiative is taking a while to complete, he expects the Win Now actions will conclude by the end of 2026.
“We’re reshaping our marketplace, rewiring how we operate and investing in the technology platforms that we expect will help us serve more consumers better and run our business more effectively,” Hill said during the call.
Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts
The technology outlook for the year suggests CIOs will retain their status within the board of directors. IT chiefs have become essential for enterprise success.
Operations are rapidly evolving amid AI adoption, shifting job categories and responsibilities in the process. CIOs can rely on their tech know-how to usher in change.
Subscribe to CIO Dive for top news, trends & analysis
Sign up for the free newsletter.
Interested? Explore more of what has to offer.
Thanks for signing up!
            Please keep an eye out for a confirmation email from newsletter@ittnewsletter.com To ensure we make it into your inbox regularly,
            add us to your allow list, mark us as a safe sender, or add us to your address book.
            Check out more from
Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts
The technology outlook for the year suggests CIOs will retain their status within the board of directors. IT chiefs have become essential for enterprise success.
Operations are rapidly evolving amid AI adoption, shifting job categories and responsibilities in the process. CIOs can rely on their tech know-how to usher in change.
The free newsletter covering the top industry headlines