Title: Opinion_ It's Time to Load Up on UnitedHealth Group Stock
Date: 2026-04-29 19:55
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/29/opinion-its-time-to-load-up-on-unitedhealth-group/?.tsrc=rss

The healthcare giant could be turning the corner after a rough patch.
It's fair to say that 2025 was a year that UnitedHealth Group (UNH 0.07%) would probably like to forget. It was a true "when it rains, it pours" situation, ranging from suspending its forecast for the year to dealing with the Department of Justice to leadership shakeups.
UnitedHealth's stock finished 2025 down 33%, but this year has gotten off to a much better start for the healthcare giant. Its stock is up a modest 3.9% year to date through April 27, and its recent earnings results showed enough glimpses of hope to warrant a revisit from investors.
Image source: The Motley Fool.
I wrote an article back in January that outlined three things I was paying attention to regarding UnitedHealth's business:
There is still work to be done, but it's making noticeable progress.
This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating
Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason.
In the first quarter, its EPS and adjusted EPS (which removes one-off events) were $6.90 and $7.23, respectively. The good performance caused UnitedHealth to raise its EPS guidance for the year to $17.35 and $18.25, respectively. Both of these are higher than the EPS I was looking for, which checks off the first box.
UnitedHealth's MCR is the percentage of money it collects from premiums that it pays out for medical claims (doctor visits, hospital stays, etc.). For example, if it collected $500 million in premiums and paid out $450 million in claims, its MCR would be 90%.
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name. 
Last year, its MCR was routinely close to 90%, which isn't ideal. In Q1, its MCR was 83.9%, down from 84.8% Q1 in 2025. This decline might look minimal on paper, but in practice, it could mean billions saved. UnitedHealth says the declining MCR is due to pricing discipline, better cost management, and favorable conditions, but it could increase in the second half of the year.
In Q1, UnitedHealth's operating margins were 6.6%, up from 6.2% in Q1 2025. It managed to improve margins even though its operating earnings were down about 1% from last year ($9 billion versus $9.1 billion). This is a sign the company is beginning to operate more efficiently.
UnitedHealth is a fully integrated company, meaning it operates on both the care and insurance sides of the healthcare industry. It's the country's largest health insurer, physician employer, and Medicare Advantage provider -- even after serving 965 million fewer members than last year.
Although the term is usually reserved for banks, UnitedHealth has reached "too big to fail" status because of its deep integration into the U.S. healthcare and financial systems. Its subsidiary, Change Health, processes one in three U.S. patient records. UnitedHealthcare served 49.1 million people last quarter, and its pharmacy branch, Optum RX, fills well over a billion prescriptions annually (383 million last quarter).
At that scale, UnitedHealth is too important to the U.S. healthcare infrastructure. Its $111.7 billion in revenue in Q1 is more than the GDP of 141 countries.
Being "too big to fail" alone doesn't make UnitedHealth a good investment (it has been that way for a while, yet its stock is down over the past five years). However, after resetting from a tough 2025, and now showing glimpses of recovery, its stock has much more upside than downside.
You're getting a blue-chip stock that's currently trading at only 19 times its projected earnings over the next 12 months. In the early part of last year, it was trading in the 30s. One can't predict how a stock will perform going forward, but the 2.5% dividend yield should help buy UnitedHealth some more patience from investors.

 


Before you buy stock in UnitedHealth Group, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and UnitedHealth Group wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $496,797!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,282,815!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 979% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 200% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 30, 2026. 

Stefon Walters has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends UnitedHealth Group. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 18 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 18 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating
Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends