Title: Carlisle Q1 Earnings Beat Estimates, Organic Revenues Decline Y_Y
Date: 2026-04-24 15:28
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/carlisle-q1-earnings-beat-estimates-152800410.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
Powell holds what is expected to be his final press conference as chair after the Fed keeps rates steady
Fed holds interest rates steady with no end to Iran war in sight
Elon Musk testified again in the OpenAI trial, describing his behavior at the company and its nonprofit 'halo'
A Senate committee confirmed Kevin Warsh, sending his nomination to be chairman of the Fed to the full Senate
Stocks slipped at the open as investors awaited a Fed decision and Big Tech earnings
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Carlisle Companies Incorporated CSL reported first-quarter 2026 adjusted earnings of $3.63 per share, which beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $3.31. However, the bottom line increased 1% year over year.Carlisle’s total revenues of $1.05 billion missed the consensus estimate of $1.06 billion and decreased 4% year over year. Organic revenues fell 5% year over year. Acquisitions boosted the top line by 0.4% while foreign-currency translation had a positive impact of 0.6%.
Carlisle has divested its Carlisle Interconnect Technologies segment. The company now reports under the following two segments.Revenues from the Carlisle Construction Materials segment decreased 5.1% year over year to $758.1 million. Our estimate for segmental revenues was $780.5 million. Organic revenues decreased 5.8%. Revenues were offset by the weakness in the new construction market. Adjusted EBITDA of $208 million decreased 4% year over year.Revenues from the Carlisle Weatherproofing Technologies segment decreased 1.1% year over year to $294 million, due to continued softness in residential and non-residential end markets. Our estimate for segmental revenues was $285.7 million. Organic revenues slipped 3%. Adjusted EBITDA of $45 million declined 3% year over year.
Carlisle Companies Incorporated price-consensus-eps-surprise-chart | Carlisle Companies Incorporated Quote
Carlisle’s cost of sales decreased 3% year over year to $688.9 million. Selling and administrative expenses decreased 11.4% to $171.8 million. Research and development expenses totaled $12.1 million, up 13.1% year over year.CSL recorded an operating income of $180.3 million, down 1.8% year over year. However, the operating margin increased 30 basis points to 17.1% from the year-ago quarter. Our estimate for the operating margin was pegged at 14.4%.
At the end of the first quarter, Carlisle had cash and cash equivalents of $771.3 million compared with $1.11 billion at the end of 2025. Long-term debt (including the current portion) was $2.89 billion, flat compared with the figure reported at the end of 2025.In the first three months of 2026, CSL used net cash of $44.7 million for operating activities compared with $1.80 million cash used in the year-ago period.In the same period, CSL rewarded its shareholders with a dividend payment of $45.7 million, up 1.1% year over year. The company bought back shares worth $250.0 million, down 37.5% year over year.
For 2026, Carlisle retained its outlook. The company expects revenues from the Construction Materials segment to increase in low single-digits, while the Weatherproofing Technologies segment is also projected to increase in low single-digits year over year.For 2026, the company expects revenues to increase in low single digits on a year-over-year basis. Adjusted EBITDA margin is expected to increase approximately 50 bps. The free cash flow margin is expected to be more than 15%.
The company currently carries a Zacks Rank #4 (Sell). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
Graco Inc. GGG posted quarterly earnings of 66 cents per share in the first quarter of 2026, missing the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 75 cents per share. This compares with earnings of 70 cents per share a year ago.Graco posted revenues of $540.1 million for the quarter, missing the Zacks Consensus Estimate by 3.5%. This compares with year-ago revenues of $528.3 million.Danaher Corporation’s DHR first-quarter 2026 adjusted earnings of $2.06 per share beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $1.95. The bottom line increased 9.6% year over year.Danaher reported net sales of $5.95 billion, which missed the consensus estimate of $5.99 billion. However, the metric increased 3.5% year over year.3M Company MMM delivered adjusted earnings of $2.14 per share in the first quarter of 2026, which surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $2.02. The bottom line increased 14% year over year.MMM’s adjusted revenues of $6.00 billion missed the consensus estimate of $6.02 billion. On an adjusted basis, organic revenues increased 1.2% year over year.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
3M Company (MMM) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Danaher Corporation (DHR) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Graco Inc. (GGG) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Carlisle Companies Incorporated (CSL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio