Title:   Coca-Cola Consolidated to invest $35m in US facility
Date:    2026-05-05 12-14
URL:     https://www.just-drinks.com/news/coca-cola-consolidated-us-capex/?.tsrc=rss
Content: The US Coca-Cola bottler said it plans to add a new production line at the Indiana site, “specifically for bottling beverages in glass bottles”.  Coca-Cola Consolidated is set to invest $35m to expand manufacturing at its site in Indianapolis, Indiana. In a statement yesterday (4 May), the US Coca-Cola bottler said it plans to add a new production line at the site, “specifically for bottling beverages in glass bottles”. 
                        The gold standard of business intelligence.
                     
                            Find out more
                            



 
						Combine business intelligence and editorial excellence to reach engaged professionals across 36 leading media platforms.
					 
							Find out more  Construction is due to begin in late 2026, with the expansion projected to create between 15 and 20 full-time jobs.  Coca-Cola Consolidated said the project will make Indianapolis one of only three facilities in the US within the Coca-Cola System capable of bottling beverages in glass. The Indianapolis facility has been in operation since 1968 and currently runs four production lines, including two PET and rPET bottle lines and two can lines.  The site also includes a production warehouse and supports the company’s broader sustainability priorities. Dave Katz, Coca-Cola Consolidated president and chief operating officer, said: “This expansion is another example of how we strategically invest in our business to build a solid operational foundation and create opportunities for our teammates in the communities where they live and work”. Coca-Cola Consolidated says it is the largest Coca-Cola bottler in the US, producing, selling and distributing over 300 brands and flavours across 14 states and the District of Columbia. In Indiana, it employs more than 1,200 people across nine facilities serving over 17,500 businesses. The latest announcement follows a string of investments by the Charlotte, North Carolina-based bottler in its US operations. In May 2025, Coca-Cola Consolidated said it had invested $90m in a new 400,000 sq ft distribution and warehouse facility in Columbus, Ohio, alongside two smaller buildings for equipment repair and fleet maintenance. That project created 35 jobs. Earlier in September 2024, the company committed $25m to its West Memphis, Arkansas, production site to add a new bottling line and blow moulding equipment for plastic bottles. 
                The gold standard of business intelligence.
             

                    Find out more
                    



 
                Experience unmatched clarity with a single platform that combines unique data, AI, and human expertise.
             

                    Find out more
                    







 Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights.  





 




                                                                                                                        Just Drinks : Just Drinks Focus (monthly)                                                                                                                        


 




                                                                                                                                Thematic Take (monthly)                                                                                                                        


 



Visit our Privacy Policy for more information about our services, how we may use, process and share your personal data, including information on your rights in respect of your personal data and how you can unsubscribe from future marketing communications. Our services are intended for corporate subscribers and you warrant that the email address submitted is your corporate email address. 

 View all newsletters from across the GlobalData Media network. 
		Drinks & Beverage Industry News | Market Research - Just Drinks 
				Powered by
				
 © GlobalData Plc 2026 These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
