Title: Down 7% from Its All-Time Highs, Should You Buy the Dip in JPMorgan Stock?
Date: 2026-04-15 12:00
URL: https://www.barchart.com/story/news/1316824/down-7-from-its-all-time-highs-should-you-buy-the-dip-in-jpmorgan-stock?.tsrc=rss
Content:
All information and data in this article is solely for informational purposes. For more information please view the Barchart Disclosure Policyhere Share JPMorgan(JPM)shares inched down on April 14 even though the largest U.S. bank reported better-than-expected financials for its Q1, featuring record markets revenue of about $11.6 billion. Following the post-earnings dip, JPM looks headed to challenge its 100-day moving average (MA), with a decisive break below the $306 level expected to accelerate bearish momentum in the days ahead. JPMorgan stock is nowdown about 7%versus its all-time high of nearly $335 set in early January. Investors trimmed exposure to JPM shares following the bank’s Q1 release mostly because of CEO Jamie Dimon’s characteristically cautious commentary. On the earnings call, he flagged a complex set of risks, including geopolitical tension, energy price volatility, trade uncertainty, large fiscal deficits, and stretched valuations. JPMorgan also slashed its full-year net interest income guidance to about $104.5 billion at the top end of the range, which came in slightly below Street expectations. In Q1, the firm’s noninterest expenses were up 14%, outpacing revenue growth in certain segments and raising questions about operating leverage if the macro environment deteriorates. On the flip side, JPMorgan shares are trading at a forward multiple of about 14x earnings, which isn’t stretched given the bank is delivering double-digit earnings growth and record segment sales. Capital allocation supports the investment thesis as well. The NYSE-listed giant raised its quarterlydividendto $1.50 per share, extending a 14-year streak of consecutive annual increases. Moreover, JPM repurchased $8.1 billion worth of its shares during Q1 under a broader $50 billion authorization. This reduced the share count by 4% on a year-over-year basis, which makes this financial services stock much more attractive as a long-term holding. Wall Street analysts are also constructive on JPMorgan, especially since its balance sheet remains a fortress, with a standardized CET1 ratio of 14.3%, providing ample buffer even if credit conditions worsen. According to Barchart, the consensus rating on JPM stock sits at “Moderate Buy” currently with price targets going as high as $391, signaling potential upside of about 25% by year-end. This article was created with the support of automated content tools from our partners at Sigma.AI. Together, our financial data and AI solutions help us to deliver more informed market headline analysis to readers faster than ever. Stocks:1520minute delay (Cboe BZX is real-time), ET. Volume reflects consolidated markets. Futures and Forex: 10 or 15 minute delay, CT.Market Datapowered by Barchart Solutions. Fundamental data provided by Zacks andMorningstar. © 2026 Barchart.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The content we make available on this website [and through our other channels] (the “Service”) was created, developed, compiled, prepared, revised, selected, and/or arranged by us, using our own methods and judgment, and through the expenditure of substantial time and effort. This Service and the content we make available are proprietary, and are protected by these Terms of Service (which is a contract between us and you), copyright laws, and other intellectual property laws and treaties. This Service is also protected as a collective work or compilation under U.S. copyright and other laws and treaties. We provide it for your personal, non-commercial use only. You may not use, and may not authorize any third party to use, this Service or any content we make available on this Service in any manner that (i) is a source of or substitute for the Service or the content; (ii) affects our ability to earn money in connection with the Service or the content; or (iii) competes with the Service we provide. These restrictions apply to any robot, spider, scraper, web crawler, or other automated means or any similar manual process, or any software used to access the Service. You further agree not to violate the restrictions in any robot exclusion headers of this Service, if any, or bypass or circumvent other measures employed to prevent or limit access to the Service by automated means.
