Title: Jim Cramer Makes Big Revelation About Caterpillar (CAT) & Hedge Funds
Date: 2026-05-04 16:22
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/jim-cramer-makes-big-revelation-162217837.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
We recently published
Jim Cramer Commented On Big Market Confusion & Discussed These 20 Stocks. Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE:CAT) is one of the stocks discussed by Jim Cramer.
Industrial equipment manufacturer Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE:CAT)’s shares are up by 174% over the past year and 48% year-to-date. Bank of America discussed the firm on April 24th. It raised the share price target to $930 from $825 and kept a Buy rating on the stock. BofA remarked that Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE:CAT) could raise its tariff costs, which could end up affecting the firm’s 2026 financials. Truist also discussed the firm in April as it raised the share price target to $920 from $786 and kept a Buy rating on the shares. The bank commented that Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE:CAT), along with its peers, could benefit from favorable macroeconomic data. Cramer often comments on the firm. Most of his recent remarks have tied Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE:CAT) to power generation, data centers, and computation capacity for artificial intelligence. In this appearance, he commented on the role that hedge funds are playing:
“Caterpillar, when I sat down with Joe, the CEO Joe Creed, remember a lot of this was set up, it’s been years in the making. But Joe Creed was the fellow who talked about. You’ve got hedge funds buying engines, attaching them to natural gas and building their own power plants. Hedge funds!”
While we acknowledge the potential of CAT as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock.
READ NEXT: 33 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Years and Cathie Wood 2026 Portfolio: 10 Best Stocks to Buy. 
Disclosure: None. Follow Insider Monkey on Google News.
