Title: GSK Q1 Earnings Beat Estimates, Specialty Medicines Drive Sales Growth
Date: 2026-04-29 14:29
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/healthcare/articles/gsk-q1-earnings-beat-estimates-142900743.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
Powell holds what is expected to be his final press conference as chair after the Fed keeps rates steady
Fed holds interest rates steady with no end to Iran war in sight
Elon Musk testified again in the OpenAI trial, describing his behavior at the company and its nonprofit 'halo'
A Senate committee confirmed Kevin Warsh, sending his nomination to be chairman of the Fed to the full Senate
Stocks slipped at the open as investors awaited a Fed decision and Big Tech earnings
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
GSK plc GSK reported first-quarter 2026 core earnings of $1.26 per American depositary share (ADS), which beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $1.16. Core earnings rose 4% year over year on a reported basis and 9% at a constant exchange rate (CER), driven by higher sales turnover, favorable product mix and higher royalty income during the quarter.
Quarterly revenues rose 2% on a reported basis and 5% at CER to $10.30 billion (£7.63 billion). This upside was attributed to the rising sales of its HIV, oncology and respiratory medicines. The top line also beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $10.19 billion.
All growth rates mentioned below are on a year-over-year basis and at CER.
GSK reports under three segments — General Medicines, Specialty Medicines and Vaccines. While sales in the Specialty Medicines increased 14%, the Vaccine segment rose 4%. Sales in the General Medicines segment, however, declined 6% on a year-over-year basis.
HIV sales rose 10% in the first quarter of 2026, driven by an increase in patient demand for Dovato as well as long-acting medications, Apretude and Cabenuva. Sales in the quarter also benefited from favorable pricing due to channel mix, which offset the impact of regional pricing pressures.
GSK generates the majority of its HIV sales from its dolutegravir franchise, comprising two-drug regimens — Dovato and J&J JNJ-partnered Juluca — and three-drug regimens — Triumeq and Tivicay.
Dovato sales rose 20%, while those of the J&J-partnered Juluca declined 3%.
Tivicay sales rose 2% during the quarter, while those of Triumeq fell 27%.
Sales of Apretude and Cabenuva rose 44% and 31%, respectively. These two long-acting medicines currently account for more than a quarter of HIV sales.
Oncology sales rose 28%, driven by strong demand for Jemperli, Ojjaara/Omjjara and Blenrep.
Jemperli sales rose 40% during the first quarter, driven by increased patient uptake across the United States and Europe following the drug’s label expansion to treat all adult patients with primary advanced or recurrent endometrial cancer.
Sales of the blood cancer drug Ojjaara/Omjjara rose 34%, primarily driven by strong patient uptake and continued commercial launches across Europe and international markets. U.S. volume growth was partly offset by ongoing pricing pressures.
Zejula sales fell 11% in the quarter due to increased competition in Europe and significant volume reduction in the United States.
Respiratory, Immunology & Inflammation sales increased 16%, driven by Nucala and Exdensur in respiratory and Benlysta in immunology.
Sales of the respiratory drug Nucala were up 12% during the quarter, mainly driven by strong performance across all markets, especially the United States, where the drug recently received label expansion in the COPD indication. This upside was partially offset by continued pricing pressures and channel mix impacts.
Sales of the immuno-inflammation drug Benlysta were up 13% in the quarter, reflecting strong product demand across all marketed territories.
In Vaccines, sales growth was mainly driven by increased uptake of shingles vaccines in Europe, partly offset by lower sales of Other Paediatric & Adult vaccines.
Sales of the company’s shingles vaccine, Shingrix, rose 20% during the quarter, driven by strong growth, especially in Europe and the United States, as well as favorable channel inventory movement. Lower sales in international markets partially offset this growth.
In Meningitis vaccines, sales of Bexsero rose 5%, while Menveo sales were down 25%. Sales of the RSV vaccine, Arexvy, plunged 18% during the quarter, due to slower market demand in the United States.
Influenza vaccine sales rose more than 100% during the quarter.
Sales of Other Paediatric & Adult vaccines (previously known as Established vaccines) fell 9%, owing to competitive pressure for Synflorix, primarily in Emerging Markets and lower sales for Hepatitis, Boostrix and Infanrix/Pediarix vaccines in the United States and international markets.
In this segment, Anoro Ellipta sales increased 2%, while sales of Relvar/Breo Ellipta declined 12%. Ventolin sales declined 19%.
While Advair/Seretide sales declined 11%, sales of Flixotide/Flovent increased 35%.
Trelegy Ellipta was flat year over year during the quarter. U.S. sales declined due to Medicare benefit design changes and unfavorable pricing and channel mix. Strong volume growth in Europe and international markets was driven by patient demand.
Core selling, general and administration costs declined 2% to £1.98 billion, driven by ongoing productivity initiatives and net legal settlements and expenses.
Core research and development expenses rose 12% to £1.49 billion. This uptick highlights the company’s continued investment in pipeline development.
GSK reiterated its total revenue guidance for 2026, which it had provided earlier this year. The company continues to expect sales to increase 3-5% during the year.
GSK expects sales of Specialty Medicines to increase by a low double-digit percentage at CER in 2026. However, management forecasts sales across the General Medicines and Vaccines franchises to either decline by a low single-digit percentage or remain broadly stable.
GSK expects both core operating profit and core EPS to grow in the range of 7-9%.
R&D is expected to increase at a rate slightly higher than sales growth, while SG&A is expected to grow at a low single-digit percentage. The adjusted tax rate is expected to be around 17.5%.
GSK reported better-than-expected first-quarter results, driven by strong demand for its Specialty Medicines portfolio. Growth in the Vaccines business also helped offset weaker sales in the General Medicines segment. Although U.S. sales were partly impacted by continued pricing pressures from the Medicare Part D redesign, softer demand for Arexvy, and flat sales of Trelegy Ellipta, these headwinds were more than offset by higher demand for other products, including Dovato, Cabenuva, Apretude, Jemperli, Ojjaara/Omjjara and Nucala.
GSK maintained its outlook for full-year 2026. The company also reiterated its outlook for 2031, expecting to generate sales of more than £40 billion.
Despite the better-than-expected results, shares of GSK were trading down in pre-market today.
The stock has increased 11% year to date against the industry’s decline of 1.6%.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
In 2026, GSK expects two major product approvals — Ionis Pharmaceuticals IONS-partnered bepirovirsen for chronic hepatitis B and Spero Therapeutics SPRO-partnered tebipenem for complicated urinary tract infections. Tebipenem and bepirovirsen are currently under review in the United States, with a decision expected in the first half and second half of 2026, respectively.
GSK PLC Sponsored ADR price-consensus-eps-surprise-chart | GSK PLC Sponsored ADR Quote
GSK currently carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
GSK PLC Sponsored ADR (GSK) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Ionis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (IONS) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Spero Therapeutics, Inc. (SPRO) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio