Title: ABBV Beats on Q1 Earnings & Sales, Raises '26 EPS View
Date: 2026-04-29 15:26
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/healthcare/articles/abbv-beats-q1-earnings-sales-152600849.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
Powell holds what is expected to be his final press conference as chair after the Fed keeps rates steady
Fed holds interest rates steady with no end to Iran war in sight
Elon Musk testified again in the OpenAI trial, describing his behavior at the company and its nonprofit 'halo'
A Senate committee confirmed Kevin Warsh, sending his nomination to be chairman of the Fed to the full Senate
Stocks slipped at the open as investors awaited a Fed decision and Big Tech earnings
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
AbbVie Inc. ABBV reported first-quarter 2026 adjusted EPS of $2.65, which beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $2.62. The reported figure also exceeded the company’s guidance of $2.56-$2.60 issued earlier this month. Earnings rose 7.7% year over year.
ABBV’s revenues of $15.0 billion beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $14.78 billion. Sales rose 12.4% year over year on a reported basis and 10.3% on an operational basis. This reported figure surpassed the company’s forecast of $14.70 billion.
Revenues in the quarter were driven by robust sales of key drugs Rinvoq, Skyrizi, Venclexta and Vraylar, coupled with significant contributions from newer drugs, namely Ubrelvy, Qulipta, Elahere and Vyalev. Sales of Humira and Imbruvica declined year over year.
All growth rates mentioned below are on a year-on-year basis and at constant exchange rates (CER).
In immunology, net revenues from Rinvoq for the quarter totaled $2.12 billion, up 20.2%. The upside was likely driven by market share gains across all approved indications, as well as the recent label expansion in giant cell arteritis across the United States and the EU last year. Rinvoq’s sales beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $2.09 billion.
Net revenues recorded from Skyrizi were $4.48 billion, up 29.2%. This surge in sales was primarily driven by strong volume growth and continued market share gains. Skyrizi sales beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $4.41 billion.
AbbVie’s flagship product Humira recorded a sales decline of 40.3% to $688 million for the quarter. Sales in the United States declined 52% to $357 million, while ex-U.S. market sales were down 17.4% to $331 million. The drug’s overall sales missed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $697 million.
This substantial decline in Humira sales was due to the drug’s loss of exclusivity in the United States since January 2023. The drug lost its exclusivity in ex-U.S. territories in 2018.
Sales from the neuroscience portfolio rose 24.3% to $2.88 billion, driven by higher sales of Botox Therapeutic, depression drug Vraylar, Parkinson's disease drug Vyalev and migraine drugs Ubrelvy and Qulipta. The franchise’s sales beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $2.83 billion. The reported sales numbers surpassed AbbVie’s forecast of $2.8 billion from the segment.
While Botox Therapeutic sales rose 14.9% to $1.01 billion, sales of Vraylar increased 18.4% to $905 million.
Sales of Ubrelvy totaled $339 million, up 41.2%. Qulipta sales rose 51.3% to $296 million.
Sales of Vyalev totaled $201 million, up from $183 million in the previous quarter. The drug’s sales were in line with the Zacks Consensus Estimate.
Sales from the oncology franchise fell 3% to $1.63 billion in the quarter. This downtick was due to declining Imbruvica sales, which more than offset the growth in sales of newer oncology drugs, Epkinly and Elahere, as well as rising Venclexta sales. Despite the decline, the metric beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $1.57 billion. The reported sales figure marginally surpassed the company’s guidance of $1.6 billion.
Net revenues from Imbruvica were down 24.7% to $556 million, missing the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $565 million. AbbVie markets this drug in partnership with Johnson & Johnson JNJ.
U.S. sales of J&J-partnered Imbruvica declined 37.4% to $332 million due to rising competition from novel oral treatments, as well as the IRA-driven pricing changes, which came into effect at the start of 2026. AbbVie shares international profits earned from Imbruvica with J&J. The company’s share of profit from the drug’s international sales rose 7.2% to $224 million.
AbbVie’s leukemia drug Venclexta generated revenues of $770 million in the reported quarter, reflecting growth of 9.7%. This drug’s sales beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $719 million. The company markets Venclexta in collaboration with Roche RHHBY.
Sales of the breast cancer drug, Elahere, rose 8.3% to $198 million. However, the metric missed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $206 million.
Epkinly sales, which comprise AbbVie’s share of profit from U.S. revenues and product revenues from international markets, amounted to $83 million in the quarter compared with $81 million in the previous quarter. The drug is marketed in partnership with Genmab GMAB.
AbbVie’s aesthetics portfolio sales were up 5.1% to $1.19 billion, which marginally beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $1.18 billion. Botox Cosmetic sales rose 17% to $668 million. Juvederm sales declined 2.9% to $232 million.
While Mavyret sales rose 8.6% to $351 million, Creon sales stood at $361 million, up 1.8%. Linzess sales rose 90.9% to $283 million.
Adjusted SG&A expenses rose 3.7% year over year to $3.4 billion. Adjusted R&D expenses amounted to $2.27 billion, up 10.6%.
The company raised its EPS guidance for the full year. It expects adjusted EPS to be in the range of $14.08-$14.28, up from the previous guidance of $13.96-$14.16.
AbbVie’s quarterly results beat expectations. The company hiked its EPS guidance for 2026, likely driven by stronger-than-expected sales of its immunology and neuroscience products. The aesthetics franchise continued recovery in the segment after a prolonged period of soft performance, while oncology sales beat expectations despite a year-over-year decline.
Shares of AbbVie were up in pre-market trading today, likely due to the encouraging guidance update. Year to date, the stock has lost over 13% compared with the industry’s 7% decline.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
The neuroscience franchise continues to gain traction, supported by newer assets like Ubrelvy, Qulipta and Vyalev. Strong sales of Linzess and Mavyret helped offset weakness in Humira and Imbruvica.
To offset the declines from its legacy products, AbbVie is strengthening its long-term growth platform through M&A activity and internal innovation. The recent regulatory filing to expand Rinvoq’s label into alopecia areata further supports its strategy of driving sustained growth through additional immunology indications.
The FDA is currently reviewing the company’s filings — one for pivekimab sunirine (PVEK) to treat a rare and aggressive blood cancer called blastic plasmacytoid dendritic cell neoplasm (BPDCN) and another for tavapadon in early Parkinson’s disease. Both assets, added through prior acquisitions, could serve as additional growth drivers if approved.
 
AbbVie Inc. price | AbbVie Inc. Quote
AbbVie currently carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Roche Holding AG (RHHBY) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) : Free Stock Analysis Report
AbbVie Inc. (ABBV) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Genmab A/S Sponsored ADR (GMAB) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio