Title: Why This Cheap Warren Buffett Stock Isn't a No-Brainer Buying Opportunity in April
Date: 2026-04-26 17:05
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/26/cheap-warren-buffett-stock-no-brainer-buy-april/?.tsrc=rss

Even at a low forward price-to-earnings ratio of 8.7, this business merits a critical eye from investors.
Berkshire Hathaway owns dozens of companies in its huge $300 billion-plus public equities portfolio. Individuals can use this valuable info to find high-quality opportunities that essentially have Warren Buffett's stamp of approval.
Among this list of holdings, there's a business that would pique the interest of value investors . That's because it trades at a forward price-to-earnings ratio of just 8.7, which might be too difficult to ignore. Plus, the Omaha conglomerate owns 37.1% of its outstanding shares.
However, I don't think this cheap Warren Buffett stock is a no-brainer buy in April. Here's why.
Image source: Getty Images.
The cheap stock that Berkshire has a large position in is none other than Sirius XM ( SIRI 4.96% ) . It's the only satellite radio operator in the U.S., providing a premium in-car audio experience.
On a positive note, its free cash flow (FCF) is heading in the right direction. This key profitability metric increased 24% from 2024 to 2025. And in 2027, management expects it will total $1.5 billion, up 19% from last year's figure. Sirius XM ended 2025 with over 31.3 million self-pay subscribers. This fell by 301,000 compared to the year before, marking another period of decline.
But companies that collect recurring revenue are generally viewed quite favorably by investors. Of Sirius XM's $8.6 billion in 2025 sales, 76% came from subscription fees. This makes the business somewhat predictable. Investors will also appreciate the low valuation that supports this being a high-yield dividend stock .
Sirius XM's shares are soaring in 2026, up 40% so far in the year (as of April 22). Maybe the investment community is starting to warm up to FCF upside, while believing that the subscriber base will stabilize.
However, this music stock is still down 56% in the past five years. I believe this points to what might be the biggest concern that market participants have had in recent years. That's the competitive landscape, which doesn't bode well for the future of this business and can place an ultimate cap on subscriber additions in the long run.
Apple , Alphabet , and Spotify dominate the landscape for streaming audio. They have achieved remarkable success by leaning on their expertise in tech and product innovation, providing subscribers with an exceptional user experience, while also benefiting from growing smartphone usage and more potent internet connectivity. They also have deep financial resources to stay ahead of Sirius XM in this corner of the media and entertainment landscape.
Therefore, it's not a foregone conclusion that higher FCF will lead to improving market sentiment and multiple expansion for this stock. Sirius XM will have to deal with constant worries about its weakening competitive position, which challenges the view that this is a no-brainer stock to buy.
Neil Patel has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Alphabet, Apple, Berkshire Hathaway, and Spotify Technology. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy .
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool . All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io .
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends