Title: McDonald’s updates McCafé branding ahead of beverage expansion
Date: 2026-05-04 10:36
URL: https://www.restaurantdive.com/news/mcdonalds-updates-mccafe-logo-branding/819171/?.tsrc=rss
Content: The chain updated the font style and coloring on its McCafé cups to better showcase its forthcoming crafted sodas, refreshers and energy drinks.
McDonald’s updated its McCafé sub-brand with new logos and colors in advance of an expansion in its beverage menu, according to a Monday post on the company’s website.
“We had to reimagine the McCafé sub-brand to reflect this modernized portfolio, making it more fun, youthful, playful and colorful — just like the new drinks themselves,” the company said. 
The rebrand includes a new McCafé font, a new color palette with a refined gold and “coffee cherry” as primary motifs, and secondary colors that “reflect the vibrancy of the new drinks.” The company is also using more playful food photography and packaging patterns. 
“The updated framework gives us a more consistent way to present McCafé globally while allowing room for some local flexibility,” the company said. 
The company will expand its McCafé drinks this spring and summer across the U.S., Canada, Germany and Australia. In the U.S., the chain will add refreshers and crafted sodas on May 6, with energizers expected later this year. 
Beverages are expected to become a bigger category at McDonald’s, and the chain has spent considerable time and effort to refine its upcoming release. It tested beverages inspired by its defunct CosMc’s concept across 500 restaurants last year —those drinks exceeded expectations. It is also adding a beverage specialist to restaurants, initially training high-performing workers for the position. 
“We obviously learned a lot through the CosMc’s test, and those learnings have been applied to how we’ve decided to set up this new beverage range,” Jill McDonald, executive vice president and global chief restaurant experience officer, said during a February earnings call. 
In testing, these beverages drove incremental occasions across dayparts, particularly snack, dinner and evening, and led to higher average check, McDonald said.
