Title: McDonald’s updates McCafé branding ahead of beverage expansion
Date: 2026-05-04 11:36
URL: https://www.restaurantdive.com/news/mcdonalds-updates-mccafe-logo-branding/819171/?.tsrc=rss

   
                
                    
                        Let Restaurant Dive’s free newsletter keep you informed, straight from your inbox.
                    
                
              The chain updated the font style and coloring on its McCafé cups to better showcase its forthcoming crafted sodas, refreshers and energy drinks. McDonald’s updated its McCafé sub-brand with new logos and colors in advance of an expansion in its beverage menu, according to a Monday post on the company’s website. “We had to reimagine the McCafé sub-brand to reflect this modernized portfolio, making it more fun, youthful, playful and colorful — just like the new drinks themselves,” the company said.  The rebrand includes a new McCafé font, a new color palette with a refined gold and “coffee cherry” as primary motifs, and secondary colors that “reflect the vibrancy of the new drinks.” The company is also using more playful food photography and packaging patterns.  “The updated framework gives us a more consistent way to present McCafé globally while allowing room for some local flexibility,” the company said.  The company will expand its McCafé drinks this spring and summer across the U.S., Canada, Germany and Australia. In the U.S., the chain will add refreshers and crafted sodas on May 6, with energizers expected later this year.  Beverages are expected to become a bigger category at McDonald’s, and the chain has spent considerable time and effort to refine its upcoming release. It tested beverages inspired by its defunct CosMc’s concept across 500 restaurants last year —those drinks exceeded expectations. It is also adding a beverage specialist to restaurants, initially training high-performing workers for the position.  “We obviously learned a lot through the CosMc’s test, and those learnings have been applied to how we’ve decided to set up this new beverage range,” Jill McDonald, executive vice president and global chief restaurant experience officer, said during a February earnings call.  In testing, these beverages drove incremental occasions across dayparts, particularly snack, dinner and evening, and led to higher average check, McDonald said. Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts As rising wages and operating costs push chains to increase menu prices, consumers are trading down and seeking more value-focused dining options. The revamped program’s emphasis on food items could be a play for higher check sizes, but making members pay a premium for coffee rewards could burn the chain. Subscribe to Restaurant Dive for top news, trends & analysis Sign up for the free  newsletter.  
                Interested? Explore more of what  has to offer.
             
            Thanks for signing up!
            Please keep an eye out for a confirmation email from
            newsletter@ittnewsletter.com
            To ensure we make it into your inbox regularly,
            add us to your allow list, mark us as a safe sender, or add us to your address book.
            Check out more from
            
 Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts As rising wages and operating costs push chains to increase menu prices, consumers are trading down and seeking more value-focused dining options. The revamped program’s emphasis on food items could be a play for higher check sizes, but making members pay a premium for coffee rewards could burn the chain. The free newsletter covering the top industry headlines