Title: Countdown to McDonald's (MCD) Q1 Earnings_ A Look at Estimates Beyond Revenue and EPS
Date: 2026-05-04 13:15
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/countdown-mcdonalds-mcd-q1-earnings-131502259.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
Analysts on Wall Street project that McDonald's (MCD) will announce quarterly earnings of $2.75 per share in its forthcoming report, representing an increase of 3% year over year. Revenues are projected to reach $6.49 billion, increasing 8.9% from the same quarter last year.
The consensus EPS estimate for the quarter has been revised 0.6% higher over the last 30 days to the current level. This reflects how the analysts covering the stock have collectively reevaluated their initial estimates during this timeframe.
Before a company announces its earnings, it is essential to take into account any changes made to earnings estimates. This is a valuable factor in predicting the potential reactions of investors toward the stock. Empirical research has consistently shown a strong correlation between trends in earnings estimate revisions and the short-term price performance of a stock.
While investors usually depend on consensus earnings and revenue estimates to assess the business performance for the quarter, delving into analysts' forecasts for certain key metrics often provides a more comprehensive understanding.
Given this perspective, it's time to examine the average forecasts of specific McDonald's metrics that are routinely monitored and predicted by Wall Street analysts.
Analysts forecast 'Revenues- Company-owned and operated sales- Total' to reach $2.33 billion. The estimate points to a change of +9.2% from the year-ago quarter.
The collective assessment of analysts points to an estimated 'Revenues- Franchised revenues- Total' of $4.00 billion. The estimate suggests a change of +9.3% year over year.
According to the collective judgment of analysts, 'Revenues- Company-owned and operated sales- International Operated Markets' should come in at $1.47 billion. The estimate suggests a change of +12.4% year over year.
Based on the collective assessment of analysts, 'Revenues- Company-owned and operated sales- International Developmental Licensed Markets & Corporate' should arrive at $120.17 million. The estimate points to a change of +21.4% from the year-ago quarter.
Analysts predict that the 'Comparable sales growth - International Developmental Licensed Markets & Corporate - YoY change' will reach 4.2%. The estimate compares to the year-ago value of 3.5%.
The average prediction of analysts places 'Systemwide restaurants - Total Systemwide' at 45,703 . Compared to the present estimate, the company reported 43,756 in the same quarter last year.
Analysts' assessment points toward 'Systemwide restaurants - Total International Developmental Licensed Markets & Corporate' reaching 21,074 . The estimate is in contrast to the year-ago figure of 19,648 .
Analysts expect 'Systemwide restaurants - Total International Operated Markets' to come in at 10,909 . The estimate is in contrast to the year-ago figure of 10,539 .
The combined assessment of analysts suggests that 'Systemwide restaurants - Total U.S.' will likely reach 13,722 . Compared to the present estimate, the company reported 13,569 in the same quarter last year.
It is projected by analysts that the 'Systemwide restaurants - Total Franchised' will reach 43,660 . Compared to the present estimate, the company reported 41,720 in the same quarter last year.
The consensus estimate for 'Systemwide restaurants - Company-owned and operated' stands at 2,043 . Compared to the current estimate, the company reported 2,036 in the same quarter of the previous year.
The consensus among analysts is that 'Systemwide restaurants - Franchised - Conventional franchised' will reach 22,653 . Compared to the current estimate, the company reported 22,126 in the same quarter of the previous year.
View all Key Company Metrics for McDonald's here>>>
Over the past month, shares of McDonald's have returned -6.7% versus the Zacks S&P 500 composite's +10% change. Currently, MCD carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold), suggesting that its performance may align with the overall market in the near future. You can see the complete list of today's Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) stocks here >>>> .
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
McDonald's Corporation (MCD) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
