Title
Dear UnitedHealth Stock Fans, Mark Your Calendars for April 21

Date
2026-04-09 18:03

URL
https://www.barchart.com/story/news/1227275/dear-unitedhealth-stock-fans-mark-your-calendars-for-april-21?.tsrc=rss

Content
All information and data in this article is solely for informational purposes. For more information please view the Barchart Disclosure Policyhere
Share
Health insurer UnitedHealth(UNH)is due to report its first-quarter financial results later this month on April 21. Although shares of UNH stock have sunk sharply in recent months and an investment bank recently issued a very bullish note on the name, the company continues to face some intense challenges. Analysts on average also predict that the company' earnings per share will fall significantly in the first quarter.
Consequently, investors may want to avoid buying UNH stock at this point. Let's take a closer look.
The largest U.S. health insurer, UnitedHealth has amarket capitalization of $277.7 billionand a forward price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio of 17.4 times. In terms of recent performance, UNH stock is down 7% year-to-date (YTD) and down nearly 11% for the past three months.
In the fourth quarter, UnitedHealth'srevenue rose 12% year-over-year (YOY) to $113.2 billion. However, EPS retreated to $2.11, down from $6.81 in Q4 2024. On the balance sheet, the company had$24.4 billion of cash and cash equivalentsand $72.3 billion of long-term debt.
On the bottom line,analysts on average predictthat the company's EPS will drop to $6.45 in the first quarter from $7.20 in Q1 2025, representing a decline of 10% YOY. That estimated YOY decline in quarterly EPS is certainly quite negative for the outlook of the firm. Additionally, while analysts' mean estimate calls for full-year EPS to climb 8% to $17.66 in fiscal 2026, the experts could become significantly less optimistic as the year progresses. For fiscal 2027, analysts predict earnings growth of nearly 13% YOY to $19.87 per share.
As far as revenue is concerned, the mean estimate calls for sales to increase just 0.25% in Q1 to $109.85 billion. Analysts also predict a decline of 1.3% for fiscal 2026 to revenue of $441.65 billion. Those numbers are bleak.
Despite these estimates, there is some optimism among analysts. Recently, investment bank Raymond James upgraded UNH stock to an “Outperform" rating. However, the firm placed a price target of just $330 on the stock, implying potential upside of just 8% from current levels. Raymond James asserts that UNH stock's recent weakness has created an “attractive entry point,” and believes that UnitedHealth can use AI and other cost-cutting methods to increase its profit margins.
UnitedHealth faces some significant challenges, given a few developments around Medicare and the government.
Earlier this year, Inotedthat the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) reported in late January that it would increase payments to private insurers providing Medicare Advantage plans by just 0.09% in 2027. With health spending on the rise, that marginal increase from CMS would likely not have covered the climbing costs that UnitedHealth would have to pay for its customers.
Recently, CMS announced that it has decided to raise Medicare Advantage reimbursement rates by 2.48% in 2027 instead of 0.09%. While this is a great improvement for UnitedHealth, the hike is still way below the 7% increase in healthcare costs seen in 2024. The 2.48% increase will also likely not cover advances in some of UnitedHealth's corporate costs related to Medicare Advantage.
As if this was not enough, the company confirmed in July 2025 that it is being probed by the U.S. Department of Justice. Meanwhile, President Donald Trump and his administration are looking to crack down on health insurers in general.
Stocks:1520minute delay (Cboe BZX is real-time), ET. Volume reflects consolidated markets. Futures and Forex: 10 or 15 minute delay, CT.Market Datapowered by Barchart Solutions. Fundamental data provided by Zacks andMorningstar.
© 2026 Barchart.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Immediate access to this special report (delivered via PDF) with actionable insights to the upcomingUNHearnings release.
Email is required.
Please enter a valid email address.
By clicking GET THE REPORT you agree to receive this free report, Barchart's best daily newsletters "Chart of the Day" and "Barchart Brief", and other Barchart marketing emails at the email address you provided, and you agree to Barchart'sTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy. Opt out anytime.
Please check your inbox for a link to activate your My Barchart Account.
If you do not receive the email within a few minutes check your spam folder
		orcontact our support teamfor assistance.
Complete required fields to continue.
Enter a valid email.
Please complete the reCAPTCHA to continue.
Please complete the reCAPTCHA to continue.
Please enter a valid email
Only one value is allowed.
First or Last name cannot contain ‘http’.
Oops, something went wrong. Please refresh the page and try again.
Password must be at least 8 characters.
Please complete the reCAPTCHA to continue.
We could not locate an account that uses this email address. Try again,create an account, orcontact our support team for assistance.
By Continuing, you agree to theTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy.
The content we make available on this website [and through our other channels] (the “Service”) was created, developed, compiled, prepared, revised, selected, and/or arranged by us, using our own methods and judgment, and through the expenditure of substantial time and effort. This Service and the content we make available are proprietary, and are protected by these Terms of Service (which is a contract between us and you), copyright laws, and other intellectual property laws and treaties. This Service is also protected as a collective work or compilation under U.S. copyright and other laws and treaties. We provide it for your personal, non-commercial use only.
You may not use, and may not authorize any third party to use, this Service or any content we make available on this Service in any manner that (i) is a source of or substitute for the Service or the content; (ii) affects our ability to earn money in connection with the Service or the content; or (iii) competes with the Service we provide. These restrictions apply to any robot, spider, scraper, web crawler, or other automated means or any similar manual process, or any software used to access the Service. You further agree not to violate the restrictions in any robot exclusion headers of this Service, if any, or bypass or circumvent other measures employed to prevent or limit access to the Service by automated means.
