Title: JPMorgan Chase Financial Company LLC Declares Quarterly Coupon on Alerian MLP Index ETN
Date: 2026-05-21 20:15
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/options/articles/jpmorgan-chase-financial-company-llc-201500160.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results The Trump administration plans to invest $2 billion in quantum computing, expanding its broader push into strategic industries The Dow clinched a record high as stocks rebounded on optimism for a US-Iran peace deal US stocks turned higher as oil prices fell on hopes of a US-Iran peace deal Quantum stocks jump as Trump administration doles out $2 billion in exchange for equity US stocks fell as oil prices rose amid doubts about US-Iran peace talks The bond market's signal to the Fed: Interest rates should be higher SpaceX files IPO prospectus, offering a rare look at the company's finances Nvidia beats earnings estimates, gives upbeat outlook on strong chip sales The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq rallied as oil fell and Nvidia earnings were on deck The ChatGPT maker is reportedly preparing to file for an IPO in the coming weeks, with plans to go public as early as September Oil plunges as Trump says US in 'final stages' of Iran deal After an unsteady start, stocks gained as oil prices fell and a bond sell-off paused S&P 500, Nasdaq rise in countdown to Nvidia results The chip giant is set to report results Wednesday as its stock climbs higher and rivals close in. Here's what to expect. The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq fell as bond yields surged amid rate hike concerns Google unveils biggest update to Search in 25 years, including AI agents Trump traded over $50 million in Big Tech stocks last quarter, selling Tesla and buying more Apple, new ethics disclosure shows US stocks slid at the open as bond yields rose and tech stocks extended their retreat AI is likely to concentrate power among corporate giants and leave everyone else further behind, Goldman Sachs says The S&P 500 and Nasdaq slipped as chip stocks fell and investors weighed inflation fears Elon Musk loses trial against OpenAI There are 3 issues that appear little changed after Trump's China summit US stocks rise as yields climb amid inflation worries America's CEOs call out where food prices are rising The housing market is starting to look K-shaped, too Anthropic's shadow IPO market is already flashing trillion-dollar prices Investors eye Nvidia, bond yields, and the next commodity supercycle Wall Street sees bubble-like euphoria in AI-fueled semiconductor rally Should you buy Series I bonds as inflation heats up again? Travel is still on, but rising costs reshape summer vacation plans Executives are blaming layoffs on AI, but research shows AI is 'not the main driver' of US labor slowdown. Intel announces a multiyear partnership deal with McLaren's F1 racing team Here are the most anticipated IPOs in 2026 History's weirdest bubbles have a message for the AI trade Kevin Warsh is set to take over leading the Fed amid one of the most dynamic economic backdrops in modern history Trump’s 'insane amount of trades' astonish Wall Street insiders (Bloomberg) SpaceX accelerates IPO timeline, targets market debut as early as June 12 (Reuters) The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq sank as US bond yields jumped to end a volatile week on a downbeat note The 30-year Treasury yield just broke to its highest level in almost 20 years Nasdaq leads dive in US stocks, with yields jumping amid inflation jitters Cerebras soared on its market debut. Here's how the company plans to take on Nvidia with a new approach to chip technology. Stocks gained, with the Dow closing above 50,000 and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq notching fresh records Cerebras stock surged 100% within minutes of trading in what is expected to be 2026's biggest IPO The Dow retook 50,000 and the S&P 500 topped 7,500 as the AI trade lifted stocks US stocks rise as Nvidia jumps, Trump-Xi summit kicks off Xi Jinping tells US CEOs that 'China's door will only open wider' Micron wiped out roughly $100 billion in market value at Tuesday’s low — and chip bulls still bought the dip Tech stocks led the S&P 500 and Nasdaq to record highs, while the Dow slipped The US Senate confirmed Kevin Warsh as the new chairman of the Federal Reserve with a final vote of 54-45 The 10-year Treasury yield hovered just below 4.5% after hot inflation data, raising concerns stocks could come under pressure NEW YORK, May 21, 2026--(BUSINESS WIRE)--JPMorgan Chase Financial Company LLC announced today the quarterly coupon amount for the Alerian MLP Index ETN (NYSE Arca: AMJB). The table below summarizes the coupon amount for the Alerian MLP Index ETN due January 28, 2044 (the "Notes"). NYSE Arca Ticker Registered Issue Name Declaration Date Ex-Date Record Date Payment Date Coupon Amount1per Note Current Yield2 AMJB Alerian MLP Index ETN May 21, 2026 May 29, 2026 May 29, 2026 June 8, 2026 $0.5079 5.4% 1) As defined in the pricing supplement, dated April 17, 2026, for the Notes. You may access this pricing supplement as follows: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/19617/000121390026045285/ea0286120-01_424b2.htm 2) "Current Yield" equals the current Coupon Amount annualized and divided by the closing price of the Notes on May 19, 2026, and rounded to one decimal place for ease of analysis. The Current Yield is not indicative of future coupon payments, if any, on the Notes. The Notes are senior, unsecured obligations of JPMorgan Chase Financial Company LLC, the payment of which is fully and unconditionally guaranteed by JPMorgan Chase & Co. About JPMorgan Chase & Co. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) is a leading financial services firm based in the United States of America ("U.S."), with operations worldwide. JPMorgan Chase had $4.9 trillion in assets and $364.0 billion in stockholders’ equity as of March 31, 2026. The Firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small businesses, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. Under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands, the Firm serves millions of customers in the U.S., and many of the world’s most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients globally. Information about JPMorgan Chase & Co. is available atwww.jpmorganchase.com. Investment suitability must be determined individually for each investor, and the Notes may not be suitable for all investors. This information is not intended to provide and should not be relied upon as providing accounting, legal, regulatory or tax advice. Investors should consult with their own advisors as to these matters. JPMorgan Chase & Co. and JPMorgan Chase Financial Company LLC have filed a registration statement (including a prospectus) with the SEC for any offerings to which these materials relate. Before you invest, you should read the prospectus in that registration statement and the other documents relating to any offerings to which these materials relate that JPMorgan Chase & Co. and JPMorgan Chase Financial Company LLC have filed with the SEC for more complete information about JPMorgan Chase & Co., JPMorgan Chase Financial Company LLC and any offering to which these materials relate. You may get these documents without cost by visiting EDGAR on the SEC Web site atwww.sec.gov. Alternatively, JPMorgan Chase & Co., JPMorgan Chase Financial Company LLC or any agent or any dealer participating in the any offerings to which these materials relate will arrange to send you the prospectus and each prospectus supplement as well as any product supplement, underlying supplement and preliminary pricing supplement if you so request by calling toll-free 1-800-576-3529. View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20260521539292/en/ Contacts Contact:JPMorgan Alerian ETN team, 1-800-576-3529alerian_etn@jpmorgan.com Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
