Title: What a Kevin Warsh-Led Fed Could Mean for the Big Bank Stocks
Date: 2026-05-21 11:20
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/05/21/what-a-kevin-warsh-led-fed-could-mean-for-the-big/?.tsrc=rss
Content: The Federal Reserve and banking regulations can have big impacts on profitability for these banking giants. After eight years, a new leader of theFederal Reservehas taken the reins from Jerome Powell. On May 15, Kevin Warsh stepped into the role leading the largest central bank in the world amid promises to bring changes to its philosophy, greasing the wheels of the financial system. But what will that mean for big banks likeJPMorgan Chase(JPM+0.41%),Bank of America(BAC+0.44%), andWells Fargo(WFC+0.14%)? The answer lies in Warsh's philosophy toward banking regulations. The first thing investors think about regarding the Federal Reserve is interest rates. Thefederal funds rateset by the Fed seeps through to the rest of the economy, affecting how much big banks can earn from loans. If JPMorgan Chase's cost of loans rises, it will be forced to lend at much higher rates to maintain profitability, reducing demand. The Fed's interest rate policy is generally dictated by inflation. Low inflation means low interest rates, while high inflation means rising interest rates to cool the economy and halt price increases for consumers and businesses. His stated interest rate policy is not much different from Jerome Powell's or other Fed leaders, and managing prices and rates has been one of the core mandates of the Fed since it was established in 1913. This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason. Where Warsh may hurt the big banks is his philosophy on the Fed'sbalance sheet. He is opposed to the central bank holding on to assets such as short-term Treasury securities and mortgage loans, which add liquidity to the banking system and make it easier for big banks to pay customers less on deposits. If Warsh starts offloading the Fed's balance sheet, it could pull liquidity out of the financial system. That could increase the interest big banks are forced to pay customers, which is a good thing for individuals but a headwind to banking profitability. Image source: Getty Images. On the positive side, Kevin Warsh wishes to reduce regulations that have burdened big banks since the 2007-2009 financial crisis, believing they have restricted the financial system's growth. He wants to slash compliance costs and lower capital requirements for banking balance sheets. One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size. We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name. Both could boost banking profitability by lowering overhead costs and expanding the big banks' ability to lend to customers or return capital to shareholders through buybacks and dividends. At the end of the day, a bank makes more money if it can lend out more of the capital it holds on its balance sheet. This could enable the big banks to take advantage of the artificial intelligence (AI) revolution, which has been mainly fueled by rising loan volumes in private credit markets beyond the heavily regulated big banks.  JPM Net Income (TTM)data byYCharts On the whole, I believe Kevin Warsh's philosophy for managing the Federal Reserve could be a net positive for big banks like Wells Fargo. Although quantitative tightening may create a slight funding headwind by pushing up the rates bank must pay depositors, there is much more upside if banks are freed up to become more aggressive with loan generation. We are currently in the middle of a funding boom in the U.S. economy, including in manufacturing, artificial intelligence (AI) infrastructure, and the space economy. Until now, most lending in this revolution has come outside the banking system, such as the aforementioned private credit institutions. JPMorgan Chase'snet incomejust hit a record of $58 billion, while Bank of America earned $32 billion. This earnings power depends to a great extent on the health of the U.S. economy, but because the economy tends to expand, so will bank earnings as long long as they can make profitable loans. At reasonable prices today, the big bank stocks look like sturdy long-term bets for an investor in the age of a Kevin Warsh Federal Reserve.     Before you buy stock inJPMorgan Chase, consider this: The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andJPMorgan Chasewasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $475,063!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,369,991!* Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is994% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to207%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors. See the 10 stocks › *Stock Advisor returns as of May 21, 2026.  JPMorgan Chase is an advertising partner of Motley Fool Money. Bank of America is an advertising partner of Motley Fool Money. Wells Fargo is an advertising partner of Motley Fool Money.Brett Schaferhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends JPMorgan Chase. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy. This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over16 Nvidias. What in the world could be worth 16 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited. Continue ›  *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason. Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services. Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. ©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io. About The Motley Fool Our Services Around the Globe Free Tools Affiliates & Friends
