Title: Musk Taps SpaceX’s Financial Power to Cut Interest Costs in Half
Date: 2026-05-21 19:01
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/musk-taps-spacex-financial-power-190111602.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results The Trump administration plans to invest $2 billion in quantum computing, expanding its broader push into strategic industries The Dow clinched a record high as stocks rebounded on optimism for a US-Iran peace deal US stocks turned higher as oil prices fell on hopes of a US-Iran peace deal Quantum stocks jump as Trump administration doles out $2 billion in exchange for equity US stocks fell as oil prices rose amid doubts about US-Iran peace talks The bond market's signal to the Fed: Interest rates should be higher SpaceX files IPO prospectus, offering a rare look at the company's finances Nvidia beats earnings estimates, gives upbeat outlook on strong chip sales The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq rallied as oil fell and Nvidia earnings were on deck The ChatGPT maker is reportedly preparing to file for an IPO in the coming weeks, with plans to go public as early as September Oil plunges as Trump says US in 'final stages' of Iran deal After an unsteady start, stocks gained as oil prices fell and a bond sell-off paused S&P 500, Nasdaq rise in countdown to Nvidia results The chip giant is set to report results Wednesday as its stock climbs higher and rivals close in. Here's what to expect. The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq fell as bond yields surged amid rate hike concerns Google unveils biggest update to Search in 25 years, including AI agents Trump traded over $50 million in Big Tech stocks last quarter, selling Tesla and buying more Apple, new ethics disclosure shows US stocks slid at the open as bond yields rose and tech stocks extended their retreat AI is likely to concentrate power among corporate giants and leave everyone else further behind, Goldman Sachs says The S&P 500 and Nasdaq slipped as chip stocks fell and investors weighed inflation fears Elon Musk loses trial against OpenAI There are 3 issues that appear little changed after Trump's China summit US stocks rise as yields climb amid inflation worries America's CEOs call out where food prices are rising The housing market is starting to look K-shaped, too Anthropic's shadow IPO market is already flashing trillion-dollar prices Investors eye Nvidia, bond yields, and the next commodity supercycle Wall Street sees bubble-like euphoria in AI-fueled semiconductor rally Should you buy Series I bonds as inflation heats up again? Travel is still on, but rising costs reshape summer vacation plans Executives are blaming layoffs on AI, but research shows AI is 'not the main driver' of US labor slowdown. Intel announces a multiyear partnership deal with McLaren's F1 racing team Here are the most anticipated IPOs in 2026 History's weirdest bubbles have a message for the AI trade Kevin Warsh is set to take over leading the Fed amid one of the most dynamic economic backdrops in modern history Trump’s 'insane amount of trades' astonish Wall Street insiders (Bloomberg) SpaceX accelerates IPO timeline, targets market debut as early as June 12 (Reuters) The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq sank as US bond yields jumped to end a volatile week on a downbeat note The 30-year Treasury yield just broke to its highest level in almost 20 years Nasdaq leads dive in US stocks, with yields jumping amid inflation jitters Cerebras soared on its market debut. Here's how the company plans to take on Nvidia with a new approach to chip technology. Stocks gained, with the Dow closing above 50,000 and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq notching fresh records Cerebras stock surged 100% within minutes of trading in what is expected to be 2026's biggest IPO The Dow retook 50,000 and the S&P 500 topped 7,500 as the AI trade lifted stocks US stocks rise as Nvidia jumps, Trump-Xi summit kicks off Xi Jinping tells US CEOs that 'China's door will only open wider' Micron wiped out roughly $100 billion in market value at Tuesday’s low — and chip bulls still bought the dip Tech stocks led the S&P 500 and Nasdaq to record highs, while the Dow slipped The US Senate confirmed Kevin Warsh as the new chairman of the Federal Reserve with a final vote of 54-45 The 10-year Treasury yield hovered just below 4.5% after hot inflation data, raising concerns stocks could come under pressure (Bloomberg) -- Elon Musk’s reshaping of SpaceX, xAI and X into a tightly-bound conglomerate has already yielded a significant financial windfall: nearly $1 billion in annual interest savings. Most Read from Bloomberg Spot the Difference: Putin Gets Trump Treatment From Xi in China Iran Says the US’s Latest Proposal Has ‘Narrowed the Gaps’ Modi’s Toffee Gift to Meloni Ignites Rally in Wrong Indian Stock Iran in Talks With Oman Over Permanent Hormuz Toll System Dow Average Climbs to Record on US-Iran Deal Hopes: Markets Wrap Regulatory documents filed Wednesday ahead of SpaceX’s historic initial public offering reveal that the company secured a $20 billion bridge loan from banks — and that it was the funding source used to take out $17.5 billion of high-interest junk debt for Musk’s social media and AI companies. The bridge loan came at an effective interest rate of 4.58% as of March 31, the documents show, vastly lower than the junk bonds and leveraged loans for X and xAI, which had rates as high as 12.5%. All told, the maneuver cut combined annual interest costs roughly in half to around $900 million, according to Bloomberg calculations. Representatives for SpaceX didn’t immediately respond to requests for comment. Musk has utilized debt markets extensively to buy or grow his businesses, securing billions in bank commitments and structuring complex financings. But it hasn’t all been smooth sailing. His 2022 buyout of Twitter loaded the company with roughly $12.5 billion of borrowings, creating a notorious hung debt quagmire for Wall Street banks who were initially unable to sell it to investors. They ultimately succeeded in doing so last year. Then Musk’s artificial intelligence startup xAI acquired X in March of 2025, and in June of that year borrowed an additional $5 billion. When SpaceX subsequently purchased xAI in February, Morgan Stanley — which handled both companies’ debt raises — told existing lenders that the debt pile was set to be paid back in full, without saying how. As it transpired, SpaceX used this $20 billion facility from a group of banks including Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Bank of America Corp., Citigroup Inc., JPMorgan Chase & Co., and Morgan Stanley. It couldn’t have come at a better time: X had been paying tens of millions each month to service its debt, while xAI had been burning nearly $1 billion of cash monthly. The junk bonds and leveraged loans had interest rates as high as 12.5% to compensate investors for the risky nature of the businesses. The bridge loan’s interest rate is in the range of .75 to 1.75 percentage points over a benchmark, which led to an effective rate of 4.58% as of March 31, the regulatory documents show. Representatives for Goldman Sachs, Bank of America, JPMorgan and Morgan Stanley declined to comment. A representative for Citigroup didn’t immediately respond to requests for comment. Debt Structure The IPO could help SpaceX cut down its debt pile. The loan, which matures in September 2027, can be prepaid at any time and the company is required to use proceeds of certain debt financings and this IPO to repay at least some of the bridge loan within six months of receiving the cash, the documents show. In addition to the bridge loan, the company also listed another $9 billion of debt as “other financings” that include “obligations related to certain AI infrastructure assets recorded as failed sale-leaseback transactions,” according to a footnote in the filing. SpaceX also has an undrawn, five-year revolving credit facility of up to $5 billion, which it increased in size from $1.5 billion in May. This type of loan is like a credit card and means the company can choose to borrow, repay, and then borrow again up to that amount over the life of the loan. --With assistance from Boris Korby and Bruce Einhorn. Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek College Kids Don’t Want Your AI Courts Are Swamped With AI-Powered Do-It-Yourself Lawsuits Blame YouTube, Not Just Trump, for the End of Colbert’s Late Show ICE Raids Did Lasting Damage to American Businesses Been Sanctioned by the US Government? There’s a Guy for That ©2026 Bloomberg L.P. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
