Title: Dimon Says Rates Risk Going Much Higher After Bond Selloff
Date: 2026-05-21 11:35
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/economy/policy/articles/dimon-says-rates-risk-going-055713151.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results The Trump administration plans to invest $2 billion in quantum computing, expanding its broader push into strategic industries The Dow clinched a record high as stocks rebounded on optimism for a US-Iran peace deal US stocks turned higher as oil prices fell on hopes of a US-Iran peace deal Quantum stocks jump as Trump administration doles out $2 billion in exchange for equity US stocks fell as oil prices rose amid doubts about US-Iran peace talks The bond market's signal to the Fed: Interest rates should be higher SpaceX files IPO prospectus, offering a rare look at the company's finances Nvidia beats earnings estimates, gives upbeat outlook on strong chip sales The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq rallied as oil fell and Nvidia earnings were on deck The ChatGPT maker is reportedly preparing to file for an IPO in the coming weeks, with plans to go public as early as September Oil plunges as Trump says US in 'final stages' of Iran deal After an unsteady start, stocks gained as oil prices fell and a bond sell-off paused S&P 500, Nasdaq rise in countdown to Nvidia results The chip giant is set to report results Wednesday as its stock climbs higher and rivals close in. Here's what to expect. The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq fell as bond yields surged amid rate hike concerns Google unveils biggest update to Search in 25 years, including AI agents Trump traded over $50 million in Big Tech stocks last quarter, selling Tesla and buying more Apple, new ethics disclosure shows US stocks slid at the open as bond yields rose and tech stocks extended their retreat AI is likely to concentrate power among corporate giants and leave everyone else further behind, Goldman Sachs says The S&P 500 and Nasdaq slipped as chip stocks fell and investors weighed inflation fears Elon Musk loses trial against OpenAI There are 3 issues that appear little changed after Trump's China summit US stocks rise as yields climb amid inflation worries America's CEOs call out where food prices are rising The housing market is starting to look K-shaped, too Anthropic's shadow IPO market is already flashing trillion-dollar prices Investors eye Nvidia, bond yields, and the next commodity supercycle Wall Street sees bubble-like euphoria in AI-fueled semiconductor rally Should you buy Series I bonds as inflation heats up again? Travel is still on, but rising costs reshape summer vacation plans Executives are blaming layoffs on AI, but research shows AI is 'not the main driver' of US labor slowdown. Intel announces a multiyear partnership deal with McLaren's F1 racing team Here are the most anticipated IPOs in 2026 History's weirdest bubbles have a message for the AI trade Kevin Warsh is set to take over leading the Fed amid one of the most dynamic economic backdrops in modern history Trump’s 'insane amount of trades' astonish Wall Street insiders (Bloomberg) SpaceX accelerates IPO timeline, targets market debut as early as June 12 (Reuters) The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq sank as US bond yields jumped to end a volatile week on a downbeat note The 30-year Treasury yield just broke to its highest level in almost 20 years Nasdaq leads dive in US stocks, with yields jumping amid inflation jitters Cerebras soared on its market debut. Here's how the company plans to take on Nvidia with a new approach to chip technology. Stocks gained, with the Dow closing above 50,000 and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq notching fresh records Cerebras stock surged 100% within minutes of trading in what is expected to be 2026's biggest IPO The Dow retook 50,000 and the S&P 500 topped 7,500 as the AI trade lifted stocks US stocks rise as Nvidia jumps, Trump-Xi summit kicks off Xi Jinping tells US CEOs that 'China's door will only open wider' Micron wiped out roughly $100 billion in market value at Tuesday’s low — and chip bulls still bought the dip Tech stocks led the S&P 500 and Nasdaq to record highs, while the Dow slipped The US Senate confirmed Kevin Warsh as the new chairman of the Federal Reserve with a final vote of 54-45 The 10-year Treasury yield hovered just below 4.5% after hot inflation data, raising concerns stocks could come under pressure (Bloomberg) -- Jamie Dimon said interest rates may climb much further, a warning to bond investors at a time when yields have touched multi-year highs. Most Read from Bloomberg Spot the Difference: Putin Gets Trump Treatment From Xi in China Modi’s Toffee Gift to Meloni Ignites Rally in Wrong Indian Stock Iran Says the US’s Latest Proposal Has ‘Narrowed the Gaps’ Goldman CEO Slides Into Musk’s DMs During Bid to Lead SpaceX IPO Stocks Fall as US-Iran Standoff Boosts Oil, Yields: Markets Wrap “They could be much higher than they are today,” the chairman and chief executive of JPMorgan Chase & Co. said in an interview with Bloomberg Television. “We may have gone from a saving glut to not enough savings.” Long-dated bonds have come under pressure on concern that higher oil prices may compel central banks to raise interest rates. Add in worries over government spending in Japan, the UK and the US, as well as an artificial intelligence boom supporting growth in the world’s biggest economy, and investors have been seeking greater compensation to own longer-maturity debt. “Bond rates can go up,” Dimon said. “The notion that somehow people say they will never go up is the wrong notion. Companies like us prepare for higher rates, lower rates.” Yields on 30-year Treasuries rose to levels last seen in 2007 this week while the rate on two-year securities climbed to the highest since February 2025. The moves reflect investors’ worries about the inflationary impact of the Iran war and deficit risks in the world’s biggest economy. Bonds weakened again Thursday, with yields hitting the day’s highest levels after Reuters reported that Iran’s Supreme Leader has issued a directive that the country’s near-weapons-grade uranium should not be sent abroad. That’s a potential setback for any peace deal, given the US has been pushing Tehran to surrender its enriched uranium stockpile. Oil spiked on the report. The US two-year yield rose as much as five basis points to 4.11%, while the 10-year yield rose four basis points to 4.62%. With little sign that the Middle East conflict will be resolved anytime soon, traders are penciling in a 70% chance of a quarter-point Federal Reserve rate hike by December, with a 25-basis point increase by March seen as a virtual certainty. That compares with expectations for more than two quarter-point rate cuts by the end of the year before the Iran war broke out, swaps show. “US government debt is $30 trillion, the average rate is 3.5%. Even today they can’t possibly refinance it lower than that rate,” Dimon said. “They have another $2 trillion to do this year but the thing is we don’t know when — we don’t know when the world gets too scared about that, when inflation makes it where people don’t want to own long-term duration securities.” He added that the impact will also be felt in the credit market. “Rates can easily go up more, and credit spreads can go up more,” Dimon said. “At one point you’re going to have lots of people having to refinance at higher rates.” (Updates prices.) Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek College Kids Don’t Want Your AI Courts Are Swamped With AI-Powered Do-It-Yourself Lawsuits The AI Boom Is a Dilemma for Retail Investors Been Sanctioned by the US Government? There’s a Guy for That Elon Musk Really Needs Starship to Work This Time ©2026 Bloomberg L.P. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
