Title: Deere Shares Tumble With Farmers Facing ‘Ongoing Challenges’
Date: 2026-05-21 15:51
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/energy/articles/deere-keeps-outlook-construction-boost-101621134.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results The Trump administration plans to invest $2 billion in quantum computing, expanding its broader push into strategic industries The Dow clinched a record high as stocks rebounded on optimism for a US-Iran peace deal US stocks turned higher as oil prices fell on hopes of a US-Iran peace deal Quantum stocks jump as Trump administration doles out $2 billion in exchange for equity US stocks fell as oil prices rose amid doubts about US-Iran peace talks The bond market's signal to the Fed: Interest rates should be higher SpaceX files IPO prospectus, offering a rare look at the company's finances Nvidia beats earnings estimates, gives upbeat outlook on strong chip sales The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq rallied as oil fell and Nvidia earnings were on deck The ChatGPT maker is reportedly preparing to file for an IPO in the coming weeks, with plans to go public as early as September Oil plunges as Trump says US in 'final stages' of Iran deal After an unsteady start, stocks gained as oil prices fell and a bond sell-off paused S&P 500, Nasdaq rise in countdown to Nvidia results The chip giant is set to report results Wednesday as its stock climbs higher and rivals close in. Here's what to expect. The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq fell as bond yields surged amid rate hike concerns Google unveils biggest update to Search in 25 years, including AI agents Trump traded over $50 million in Big Tech stocks last quarter, selling Tesla and buying more Apple, new ethics disclosure shows US stocks slid at the open as bond yields rose and tech stocks extended their retreat AI is likely to concentrate power among corporate giants and leave everyone else further behind, Goldman Sachs says The S&P 500 and Nasdaq slipped as chip stocks fell and investors weighed inflation fears Elon Musk loses trial against OpenAI There are 3 issues that appear little changed after Trump's China summit US stocks rise as yields climb amid inflation worries America's CEOs call out where food prices are rising The housing market is starting to look K-shaped, too Anthropic's shadow IPO market is already flashing trillion-dollar prices Investors eye Nvidia, bond yields, and the next commodity supercycle Wall Street sees bubble-like euphoria in AI-fueled semiconductor rally Should you buy Series I bonds as inflation heats up again? Travel is still on, but rising costs reshape summer vacation plans Executives are blaming layoffs on AI, but research shows AI is 'not the main driver' of US labor slowdown. Intel announces a multiyear partnership deal with McLaren's F1 racing team Here are the most anticipated IPOs in 2026 History's weirdest bubbles have a message for the AI trade Kevin Warsh is set to take over leading the Fed amid one of the most dynamic economic backdrops in modern history Trump’s 'insane amount of trades' astonish Wall Street insiders (Bloomberg) SpaceX accelerates IPO timeline, targets market debut as early as June 12 (Reuters) The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq sank as US bond yields jumped to end a volatile week on a downbeat note The 30-year Treasury yield just broke to its highest level in almost 20 years Nasdaq leads dive in US stocks, with yields jumping amid inflation jitters Cerebras soared on its market debut. Here's how the company plans to take on Nvidia with a new approach to chip technology. Stocks gained, with the Dow closing above 50,000 and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq notching fresh records Cerebras stock surged 100% within minutes of trading in what is expected to be 2026's biggest IPO The Dow retook 50,000 and the S&P 500 topped 7,500 as the AI trade lifted stocks US stocks rise as Nvidia jumps, Trump-Xi summit kicks off Xi Jinping tells US CEOs that 'China's door will only open wider' Micron wiped out roughly $100 billion in market value at Tuesday’s low — and chip bulls still bought the dip Tech stocks led the S&P 500 and Nasdaq to record highs, while the Dow slipped The US Senate confirmed Kevin Warsh as the new chairman of the Federal Reserve with a final vote of 54-45 The 10-year Treasury yield hovered just below 4.5% after hot inflation data, raising concerns stocks could come under pressure (Bloomberg) -- Deere & Co. shares fell sharply as farm machinery sales stayed sluggish, raising questions on when the agriculture economy will start getting better. Most Read from Bloomberg Spot the Difference: Putin Gets Trump Treatment From Xi in China Iran Says the US’s Latest Proposal Has ‘Narrowed the Gaps’ Modi’s Toffee Gift to Meloni Ignites Rally in Wrong Indian Stock Iran in Talks With Oman Over Permanent Hormuz Toll System Stocks and Oil Whipsaw on Mixed US-Iran Signals: Markets Wrap The world’s biggest farm machinery maker kept its profit outlook unchanged as it reported fiscal second-quarter results. More uncertainty lies ahead for crop farmers, who have been under pressure for years with prices not keeping pace with elevated costs. Spending on new tractors, combine harvesters and other implements remains limited as the war in Iran sends costs for fuel and fertilizer even higher. “While our customers face ongoing challenges, John Deere remains firmly committed to supporting their success through disciplined operations and resilience,” Chief Executive Officer John May said in a statement Thursday. Deere, with its iconic green and yellow tractors, posted fiscal-second quarter earnings that topped expectations. It got a lift from construction and forestry segment as well as tariff refund claims of $272 million. Still, shares were down as much as 8.1% in New York, to the lowest level since January. Deere in the previous quarter said 2026 would mark the bottom of the down cycle for the US farm economy, sending its shares soaring the most in six years. The company reiterated those expectations Thursday even as the impacts from the conflict in the Middle East are set to hit farmers in countries like Brazil. Oppenheimer analyst Kristen Owen pointed to a complex backdrop for farmers, with “crosswinds of modestly improved commodities prices against higher energy and fertilizer prices.” Deere is considered a bellwether of the American economy. Net sales in its top segment of production and precision agriculture fell 14% in the second quarter. Shipment volumes declined in production agriculture while higher production costs also pressured profit in the farming segment. For the year, Deere still sees sales down 15% to 20% in the US and Canada. However, the annual outlook for South America worsened, with sales seen down 15%, compared with expectations for a drop of only 5% when Deere reported first-quarter earnings. “The situation in Iran is affecting Brazilian growers at a particularly sensitive point in their production cycle as they prepare to plant a new crop in the September time frame while farmers in other parts of the world have largely locked in inputs for this growing season,” said Brent Norwood, who was named Deere’s chief financial officer earlier in May. “Brazilians have more exposure to current spot prices.” More broadly, “input costs, particularly fuel and fertilizer, have increased globally and will contribute to higher inflation across the ag economy,” he added. Construction Gains On the brighter side, Deere reported second-quarter sales in construction and forestry that were 29% higher than a year ago. Small agriculture and turf climbed 16%. The boom in AI has creating more demand for construction machinery, bolstering companies such as Caterpillar Inc. Deere pointed to higher shipment volumes and prices in its construction and forestry segment. For agriculture, last week’s US-China summit holds the possibility of improved crop demand, with the White House estimating the Asian country will buy $17 billion in American farm goods annually, beyond an initial commitment for soybeans. Third Bridge analyst Ryan Keeney said farmers need profits to rise significantly before sales of high-horsepower machines can rise meaningfully. “Current commodity prices and volatility around diesel and fertilizer pricing aren’t building confidence,” Keeney said. Sentiment among American farmers eased in April, according to the Purdue University and CME Group’s index. About two-thirds of respondents expect the Iran conflict to bring down net farm income this year, the survey found. Deere estimated annual net income between $4.5 billion and $5 billion, steady with an outlook in February. Bloomberg estimated net income at an average of $4.79 billion. Meanwhile, net income for Deere’s fiscal second quarter came in at $1.77 billion, above an estimate for $1.54 billion. Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek College Kids Don’t Want Your AI Courts Are Swamped With AI-Powered Do-It-Yourself Lawsuits Blame YouTube, Not Just Trump, for the End of Colbert’s Late Show The AI Boom Is a Dilemma for Retail Investors Been Sanctioned by the US Government? There’s a Guy for That ©2026 Bloomberg L.P. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
