Title: 2 Mooning  Stocks to Target This Week and 1 We Avoid
Date: 2026-05-20 21:56
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/2-mooning-stocks-target-week-215655081.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results The Trump administration plans to invest $2 billion in quantum computing, expanding its broader push into strategic industries The Dow clinched a record high as stocks rebounded on optimism for a US-Iran peace deal US stocks turned higher as oil prices fell on hopes of a US-Iran peace deal Quantum stocks jump as Trump administration doles out $2 billion in exchange for equity US stocks fell as oil prices rose amid doubts about US-Iran peace talks The bond market's signal to the Fed: Interest rates should be higher SpaceX files IPO prospectus, offering a rare look at the company's finances Nvidia beats earnings estimates, gives upbeat outlook on strong chip sales The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq rallied as oil fell and Nvidia earnings were on deck The ChatGPT maker is reportedly preparing to file for an IPO in the coming weeks, with plans to go public as early as September Oil plunges as Trump says US in 'final stages' of Iran deal After an unsteady start, stocks gained as oil prices fell and a bond sell-off paused S&P 500, Nasdaq rise in countdown to Nvidia results The chip giant is set to report results Wednesday as its stock climbs higher and rivals close in. Here's what to expect. The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq fell as bond yields surged amid rate hike concerns Google unveils biggest update to Search in 25 years, including AI agents Trump traded over $50 million in Big Tech stocks last quarter, selling Tesla and buying more Apple, new ethics disclosure shows US stocks slid at the open as bond yields rose and tech stocks extended their retreat AI is likely to concentrate power among corporate giants and leave everyone else further behind, Goldman Sachs says The S&P 500 and Nasdaq slipped as chip stocks fell and investors weighed inflation fears Elon Musk loses trial against OpenAI There are 3 issues that appear little changed after Trump's China summit US stocks rise as yields climb amid inflation worries America's CEOs call out where food prices are rising The housing market is starting to look K-shaped, too Anthropic's shadow IPO market is already flashing trillion-dollar prices Investors eye Nvidia, bond yields, and the next commodity supercycle Wall Street sees bubble-like euphoria in AI-fueled semiconductor rally Should you buy Series I bonds as inflation heats up again? Travel is still on, but rising costs reshape summer vacation plans Executives are blaming layoffs on AI, but research shows AI is 'not the main driver' of US labor slowdown. Intel announces a multiyear partnership deal with McLaren's F1 racing team Here are the most anticipated IPOs in 2026 History's weirdest bubbles have a message for the AI trade Kevin Warsh is set to take over leading the Fed amid one of the most dynamic economic backdrops in modern history Trump’s 'insane amount of trades' astonish Wall Street insiders (Bloomberg) SpaceX accelerates IPO timeline, targets market debut as early as June 12 (Reuters) The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq sank as US bond yields jumped to end a volatile week on a downbeat note The 30-year Treasury yield just broke to its highest level in almost 20 years Nasdaq leads dive in US stocks, with yields jumping amid inflation jitters Cerebras soared on its market debut. Here's how the company plans to take on Nvidia with a new approach to chip technology. Stocks gained, with the Dow closing above 50,000 and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq notching fresh records Cerebras stock surged 100% within minutes of trading in what is expected to be 2026's biggest IPO The Dow retook 50,000 and the S&P 500 topped 7,500 as the AI trade lifted stocks US stocks rise as Nvidia jumps, Trump-Xi summit kicks off Xi Jinping tells US CEOs that 'China's door will only open wider' Micron wiped out roughly $100 billion in market value at Tuesday’s low — and chip bulls still bought the dip Tech stocks led the S&P 500 and Nasdaq to record highs, while the Dow slipped The US Senate confirmed Kevin Warsh as the new chairman of the Federal Reserve with a final vote of 54-45 The 10-year Treasury yield hovered just below 4.5% after hot inflation data, raising concerns stocks could come under pressure Each stock in this article is trading near its 52-week high. These elevated prices usually indicate some degree of investor confidence, business improvements, or favorable market conditions. While momentum can be a leading indicator, it has burned many investors as it doesn’t always correlate with long-term success. Keeping that in mind, here are two stocks with lasting competitive advantages and one not so much. How do these three stocks' financial metrics compare? What makes Nextpower and Caterpillar attractive investment opportunities? What are the key valuation concerns for high-momentum stocks? Why is Voya Financial considered a stock to avoid? One-Month Return: +7.8% Originally spun off from Dutch financial giant ING in 2013 and rebranded with a name suggesting "voyage," Voya Financial (NYSE:VOYA) provides workplace benefits and savings solutions to U.S. employers, helping their employees achieve better financial outcomes through retirement plans and insurance products. Why Do We Think Twice About VOYA? 5.5% annual revenue growth over the last two years was slower than its financials peers Earnings growth over the last two years fell short of the peer group average as its EPS only increased by 4.9% annually Tangible book value per share tumbled by 13.1% annually over the last five years, showing financials sector trends are working against its favor during this cycle At $81.38 per share, Voya Financial trades at 8.4x forward P/E.Check out our free in-depth research report to learn more about why VOYA doesn’t pass our bar. One-Month Return: +26.3% With its technology playing a key role in the massive 1.2 gigawatt Noor Abu Dhabi solar farm project, Nextpower (NASDAQ:NXT) is a provider of solar tracker systems that help solar panels follow the sun. Why Will NXT Beat the Market? Impressive 19.3% annual revenue growth over the last two years indicates it’s winning market share this cycle Free cash flow margin expanded by 25.3 percentage points over the last five years, providing additional flexibility for investments and share buybacks/dividends Rising returns on capital show management is finding more attractive investment opportunities Nextpower is trading at $134.50 per share, or 30.9x forward P/E. Is now a good time to buy?Find out in our full research report, it’s free. One-Month Return: +8.3% With its iconic yellow machinery working on construction sites, Caterpillar (NYSE:CAT) manufactures construction equipment like bulldozers, excavators, and parts and maintenance services. Why Is CAT Interesting? Healthy operating margin of 16.9% shows it’s a well-run company with efficient processes, and its profits increased over the last five years as it scaled Free cash flow margin increased by 5 percentage points over the last five years, giving the company more capital to invest or return to shareholders ROIC punches in at 36.6%, illustrating management’s expertise in identifying profitable investments Caterpillar’s stock price of $864.50 implies a valuation ratio of 35.2x forward P/E. Is now the time to initiate a position?See for yourself in our in-depth research report, it’s free. ALSO WORTH WATCHING: Top 5 Momentum Stocks.The best time to own a great stock is when the market is finally noticing it. These aren't just high-quality businesses. Something is happening with them right now. Elite fundamentals meeting near-term momentum - both boxes checked at the same time. Find out which stocks our AI platform is flagging this week. See this week's Strong Momentum stocks - FREE.Get Our Strong Momentum Stocks for Free HERE. Stocks that made our list in 2020 include now familiar names such as Nvidia (+1,326% between June 2020 and June 2025) as well as under-the-radar businesses like the once-small-cap company Comfort Systems (+782% five-year return).Find your next big winner with StockStory today. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
