Title: Jefferies Reiterates Buy Rating on Valneva (VALN) After Phase 3 Data
Date: 2026-04-07 14:32 UTC
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/healthcare/articles/jefferies-reiterates-buy-rating-valneva-143247013.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Valneva SE (NASDAQ:VALN) is one of the 8 Most Oversold Strong Buy-Rated Stocks to Invest In .

On March 23, 2026, Jefferies reiterated a Buy rating and $15 price target on Valneva SE (NASDAQ:VALN) following topline results from the Phase 3 VALOR trial of its Lyme disease vaccine candidate PF-07307405. Jefferies said that the stock reaction reflects a headline miss on statistical significance, noting 73.2% efficacy at 28 days post-dose did not meet the required threshold on the lower bound of the confidence interval. The firm has added that the weakness presents a buying opportunity on the shares of Valneva SE (NASDAQ:VALN) with a path to approval still intact.

On the same day, Pfizer and Valneva SE (NASDAQ:VALN) have announced the topline results from the Phase 3 VALOR trial showing 73.2% efficacy from 28 days post-dose and 74.8% efficacy from one day post-dose in reducing confirmed Lyme disease cases versus placebo. Pfizer and Valneva SE (NASDAQ:VALN) have said that fewer cases than expected were recorded, and the first pre-specified statistical criterion was not met, but noted the second analysis showed a confidence interval lower bound above 20, supporting plans for regulatory submissions.

Pixabay/Public Domain

Valneva SE (NASDAQ:VALN) develops, manufactures, and commercializes vaccines for infectious diseases.

While we acknowledge the potential of VALN as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock .

READ NEXT: 33 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Years and Cathie Wood 2026 Portfolio: 10 Best Stocks to Buy .

Disclosure: None. Follow Insider Monkey on Google News .
