Title: Investors’ Concerns Hurt Microsoft (MSFT) in Q1
Date: 2026-04-13 13:52
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/investors-concerns-hurt-microsoft-msft-135214807.html?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading
The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride.
Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started.
Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks
Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg)
Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week
Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be.
Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher
Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO
What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings
The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey.
Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026.
Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains.
Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire
US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October.
US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge
Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite
Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now
Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation.
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Mar Vista Investment Partners, LLC, an investment management company, released its “Mar Vista U.S. Quality Strategy” first-quarter 2026 investor letter. A copy of the letter can bedownloaded here. U.S. equities entered 2026 with sustained momentum, despite market leadership evolving significantly over the first quarter. Initial support in equities was hampered by tariff uncertainty, doubts about AI-driven growth sustainability, and emerging private credit concerns, before geopolitical challenges. The quarter saw the lowest performance for U.S. equities in this volatile environment, influenced by rising oil prices due to the Middle East conflict, altering inflation and interest rate expectations. The Mar Vista U.S. Quality strategy returned -7.24% net-of-fees in the quarter vs Russell 1000® Index’s -4.18% and the S&P 500® Index’s -4.33% returns. The firm believes the market is transitioning towards high-quality businesses with strong competitive advantages. Please review the Strategy’s top five holdings to gain insights into their key selections for 2026.
In its first-quarter 2026 investor letter, Mar Vista U.S. Quality Strategy highlighted Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT). Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) is a multinational software company that develops and supports software, services, devices, and solutions. On April 10, 2026, Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stock closed at $370.87 per share. One-month return of Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) was -7.27%, and its shares lost 4.37% over the past 52 weeks. Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) has a market capitalization of $2.76 trillion.
Mar Vista U.S. Quality Strategy stated the following regarding Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) in its Q1 2026 investor letter:
"Microsoft Corporation's(NASDAQ:MSFT) stock came under pressure in Q1 as investors grew concerned about the rising costs required to fund its accelerating AI infrastructure build-out in 2026. This, combined with heightened expectations for Azure growth, led to a sell-off following the December quarter earnings report, when Azure revenue grew “only” 39% year over year.
Investors have increasingly questioned the return on investment associated with Microsoft’s large and rapidly expanding capital expenditures tied to AI infrastructure. While these investments are substantial, we believe Microsoft is well positioned to support this growth through its strong and expanding operating cash flows. Although the company has meaningful exposure to OpenAI, OpenAI’s ability to raise over $100 billion should help alleviate investor concerns regarding its capacity to meet large contractual commitments.
Microsoft remains a top portfolio holding, supported by its financial strength, diversified revenue streams, and broad customer base, all of which provide resilience. The company is experiencing strong growth in Azure, its hyperscale cloud platform, which is capacity constrained, alongside increasing adoption of its Copilot offerings across its extensive enterprise customer base. We believe Microsoft should be well positioned to generate attractive long-term returns from its partnership with OpenAI and to effectively monetize generative AI capabilities across its global enterprise IT footprint through its expanding suite of Copilot and AI-enabled products."
Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) ranks second on our list of40 Most Popular Stocks Among Hedge Funds. According to our database, 312 hedge fund portfolios held Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) at the end of the fourth quarter, the same as in the previous quarter. While we acknowledge the potential of Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on thebest short-term AI stock.
Inanother article, we covered Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) and shared the list of best long term growth stocks to invest in according to billionaires. In addition, please check out ourhedge fund investor letters Q1 2026page for more investor letters from hedge funds and other leading investors.
READ NEXT:33 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Yearsand15 Stocks That Will Make You Rich in 10 Years.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published atInsider Monkey.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio