Title: Amazon, Meta, Microsoft, Salesforce, and Stripe Join the Universal Commerce Protocol Tech Council
Date: 2026-04-24 15:05
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/technology/articles/amazon-meta-microsoft-salesforce-stripe-150500021.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude. 
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
Allbirds' AI pivot shows signs of froth in markets, but experts say the underlying fundamentals in AI remain strong.
Dow leaps 850 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch new records in stunning rally amid US-Iran diplomacy hopes
Stocks climbed at the open and oil fell as Iran said the Strait of Hormuz is 'completely open'
The stock market has notched one of its fastest turnarounds in years
Europe is facing a severe jet fuel shortage, with 'maybe six weeks of jet fuel left'
Stocks rebound after Trump says Israel, Lebanon agreed to ceasefire
S&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq rise, with fresh records in view amid hopes for truce
Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions
S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses
The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company
S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled
Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher
US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI
JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks'
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Internet, Everywhere--(Newsfile Corp. - April 24, 2026) - Amazon, Meta, Microsoft, Salesforce, and Stripe are now a part of the Universal Commerce Protocol (UCP) Tech Council, the technical body that steers the open standard for agentic commerce - how AI agents work with businesses. They will join founding Tech Council members Google, Shopify, Etsy, Target, and Wayfair.
As AI agents become a common interface for discovering and buying products, it's critical to have a shared, open protocol that flexes to the complexity of commerce. Without a shared protocol, every platform speaks a different language. UCP addresses this and covers the full shopping journey, from product discovery, to cart building, checkout, and post-purchase interactions, across any platform, with any payment processor.
Each Tech Council member brings deep and varied expertise in how commerce and payments operate at a global scale, united behind a single goal: build an open ecosystem for agentic commerce.
The Tech Council aligns UCP's technical direction, reviewing contribution proposals and stewarding the open-source protocol to ensure UCP evolves to meet the needs of businesses, platforms, developers and consumers. All members - new and founding - are advancing UCP's technical evolution, and driving its adoption as the industry's open standard for agentic commerce.
"The Universal Commerce Protocol is quickly paving the way for this new era of agentic commerce," says Vidhya Srinivasan, VP/GM, Ads and Commerce, Google. "We're proud to see the industry come together around this shared, open standard that will benefit businesses and consumers everywhere."
"Our objective is to build a protocol that works at the scale commerce operates," says Vanessa Lee, VP Product, Shopify. "AI can enable so many new ways of shopping to flourish, but only if there's a clear standard between retailers, businesses and applications. We're thrilled to be joining forces with more contributors to make this real."
With today's additions, the industry is converging on UCP as the single open standard for agentic commerce, benefiting businesses and consumers alike.
More details on GitHub
Press contacts:press@google.compress@shopify.com
To view the source version of this press release, please visit https://www.newsfilecorp.com/release/294133
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio