Title: Nebius Gains 42% in 3 Months: Should Investors Buy Now or Wait?
Date: 2026-04-13 15:06
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/nebius-gains-42-3-months-150600912.html?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading
The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride.
Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started.
Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks
Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg)
Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week
Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be.
Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher
Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO
What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings
The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey.
Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026.
Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains.
Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire
US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October.
US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge
Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite
Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now
Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation.
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Nebius Group N.V.NBIS  stock has gained 42.1% in the past three months, outperforming the Zacks Computer & Technology sector and the Zacks Internet Software Services industry’s decline of 2.5% and 6.7%, respectively. The S&P 500 composite is down 1.8% over the same time frame. The company’s shares have soared 11.7% in a month.
Shares of Nebius have surged 29% in last week. According to the market speculation, the company is in advanced talks to acquire Israeli AI startup AI21 Labs.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
NBIS has outpaced its peers,Microsoft CorporationMSFT andCoreWeave, Inc.CRWV, with MSFT falling 19.1% and CRWV climbing 13.6% during the same interval.
Following a strong rally, investors may wonder whether NBIS still has upside or if expectations have outpaced fundamentals. Let’s unpack the company’s fundamentals and challenges to ascertain the best course of action.
Nebius continues to witness strong demand across hyperscalers, large enterprises and AI-native start-ups, with customers rapidly scaling GPU usage from hundreds and thousands to tens of thousands. Demand remains well ahead of supply, with the company once again selling out capacity in the fourth quarter, while operating leverage and disciplined cost management supported improved profitability. In fourth-quarter 2025, its core AI cloud business delivered exceptional growth, with revenue surging 830% year over year and 63% sequentially, driven by high utilization, favorable pricing and solid execution.
Enterprise adoption of AI is expanding across critical workflows, leading to larger and longer-duration contracts. New customer contract durations increased 50%, while pipeline momentum remains strong with improving deal quality and larger average deal sizes. Pipeline creation is on track to exceed $4 billion in the first quarter of 2026, with further expansion expected as capacity ramps up and sales coverage broadens, alongside continued progress in the company’s vertical strategy.
NBIS secured a $2 billion investment fromNVIDIANVDA. The partnership strengthens collaboration across the AI technology stack, supporting Nebius’ full-stack AI cloud platform for AI-native companies and enterprises, while helping the company scale toward its goal of deploying more than 5 gigawatts of AI computing capacity by 2030 with access to next-generation GPUs. The partnership also includes deploying multiple generations of NVIDIA hardware across Nebius’s platform, including early adoption of advanced computing architectures such as NVDA’s Rubin platform, Vera CPUs and BlueField storage and networking systems.
Nebius Group N.V. price-consensus-chart | Nebius Group N.V. Quote
In the fourth quarter of 2025, the company accelerated its capacity plans, announcing nine new data centers and securing more than 2 gigawatts of contracted power, with expectations to exceed 3 gigawatts. Nebius remains on track to deliver 800 megawatts to 1 gigawatt of available data center capacity by year-end 2026.
Recently, Nebius announced its infrastructure expansion plans with the building of an AI factory with a capacity of up to 310 MW in Finland. This factory will be set up in the city of Lappeenranta and will become “one of Europe’s largest dedicated AI factories” once fully operational, highlighted Nebius. The company has already achieved 750 MW of contracted power in EMEA. The company is also advancing parallel projects in the region, including a 240-MW AI factory near Lille, France. NBIS plans to build more facilities in Finland as it aggressively expands capacity. Last month, Nebius secured approval to build its first gigawatt-scale AI factory in Kansas City, MO.
Growth is further supported by platform expansion through product innovation and acquisitions, including the launch of Token Factory and Aether, and the acquisition of Tavily, driving strong developer engagement with 100% software attach rates for AI cloud customers. In March 2026, the company announced the launch of Nebius AI Cloud 3.5, the latest upgrade to its Aether platform, introducing a suite of enhancements aimed at simplifying and accelerating AI development and deployment.
The company maintains financial flexibility through multiple funding avenues, including operating cash flows, debt and asset-backed financing, potential equity issuance and stakes in non-core assets. Nebius also confirmed the timely delivery of the first tranche of its Microsoft commitment, with remaining deployments on track through 2026. Nebius expects Microsoft to contribute revenue at its full annual run rate beginning in 2027, following the deployment of all tranches. Nebius continues to target 2026 revenue of $3 billion to $3.4 billion and an annualized run-rate of $7 billion to $9 billion by year-end.
CoreWeave is also scaling investments aggressively and expects revenues of $12–$13 billion for 2026. CRWV anticipates annualized run-rate revenue to exceed $30 billion by the end of 2027.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
However, Nebius expects EBIT to remain negative in 2026 as it continues executing its capacity expansion plans, deploying GPUs and investing in research and development to significantly strengthen its technology stack and future AI products.
Moreover, the company operates in a highly dynamic environment driven by macroeconomic uncertainty, rising operating costs and substantial capital requirements. The company plans to invest between $16 billion and $20 billion in capital expenditures in 2026 to scale its AI infrastructure. While this aggressive investment supports long-term growth, it also elevates financial risk if revenue growth does not keep pace with the capital-intensive expansion strategy, particularly amid potential fluctuations in AI demand, pricing pressures and evolving regulatory landscapes. Additionally, the rapid expansion of data centers across multiple regions introduces execution and operational risks.
In terms of Price/Book, NBIS’ shares are trading at 7.91X, higher than the Internet Software Services industry’s 3.57X.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Despite near-term risks from heavy capital expenditures and execution challenges, Nebius’ robust demand, strategic partnerships and aggressive capacity expansion bode well for its long-term growth trajectory.
Existing investors may consider holding their positions, while prospective investors may wait for a more favorable entry point.
At present, NBIS carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can seethe complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report
Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) : Free Stock Analysis Report
NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Nebius Group N.V. (NBIS) : Free Stock Analysis Report
CoreWeave Inc. (CRWV) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio