Title: Bill Gates donated $60 billion — and lost $356 billion. But donating has real financial benefits whe
Date: 2026-04-24 14:35
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/bill-gates-donated-60-billion-143500991.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude. 
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
Allbirds' AI pivot shows signs of froth in markets, but experts say the underlying fundamentals in AI remain strong.
Dow leaps 850 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch new records in stunning rally amid US-Iran diplomacy hopes
Stocks climbed at the open and oil fell as Iran said the Strait of Hormuz is 'completely open'
The stock market has notched one of its fastest turnarounds in years
Europe is facing a severe jet fuel shortage, with 'maybe six weeks of jet fuel left'
Stocks rebound after Trump says Israel, Lebanon agreed to ceasefire
S&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq rise, with fresh records in view amid hopes for truce
Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions
S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses
The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company
S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled
Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher
US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI
JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks'
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Bill Gates ranks No. 19 on Forbes' 2026 World's Billionaires list — but if he hadn't given away billions to charity, he'd be sitting at the No. 2 spot, just behind Elon Musk (1).
The Microsoft co-founder-turned-philanthropist has donated $60 billion to the Gates Foundation, which he founded in 2000 alongside his now ex-wife Melinda French Gates. That donation includes an estimated 731 shares of Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) that would be worth about $287 billion today, according to Forbes (2).
Thanks to Jeff Bezos, you can now become a landlord for as little as $100 — and no, you don't have to deal with tenants or fix freezers. Here's how
Robert Kiyosaki says this 1 asset will surge 400% in a year and begs investors not to miss this ‘explosion’
Dave Ramsey warns nearly 50% of Americans are making 1 big Social Security mistake — here’s how to fix it ASAP
When Gates gave away Microsoft stock, he also gave away any future gains. If he'd held onto that stock and kept his cash, he'd be four times richer today with an adjusted net worth of $464 billion instead of his current $108 billion, according to calculations made in March by Forbes.
That's a difference of $356 billion.
Similarly, Warren Buffet — who's donated more than half his Berkshire Hathaway stock — would move to the No. 3 spot from his current No. 9 ranking when considering his adjusted net worth.
Musk, on the other hand, remains the world's richest person even in these Forbes ‘Altruists’’ calculations. His net worth is estimated at $858 billion on this list — not much of a move from $839 billion on the main list. Musk has gotten some attention for transferring around $8.5 billion of Tesla stock to his charitable foundations, per Forbes, but "only an estimated $500 million, or 0.06% of Musk's vast fortune, has ever been disbursed to those in need.”
All of that said, making donations — whether massive or small — can have real financial benefits to donors, as well as the charities they fund. Here's how to do the math.
When you donate stock directly to a qualified charitable organization, you don't pay capital gains tax on the appreciation.
So long as that stock has appreciated for more than a year, "you are actually giving 20% more than if you sold the stock and then made a cash donation," according to Fidelity Charity (3).
While capital gains taxes vary depending on your overall income level, the federal rate for capital gains taxes on long-term holdings maxes out at 20%. Essentially, you give away more to charity, and it costs you less — so it's a win-win for everyone involved.
In addition, you can also claim a deduction on your income taxes for the fair market value of the stock you donated, according to the IRS (4).
If you've held the stock for less than a year, any gains will be taxed as ordinary income. Keep in mind that, in order to claim these deductions, you will have to itemize your taxes, rather than take the standard deduction. If you are taking the standard deduction, starting in 2026, you can take advantage of a universal charitable deduction of up to $1,000 (5) ($2,000 when married filing jointly).
Read More: This $1B private real estate fund is now accessible to non-millionaires. Start investing with just $10
Donating stocks may sound like a lot of work. After all, can the charity of your choice even accept stock as a donation?
That's where donor-advised funds (DAFs) (6) can help. A DAF is basically a charitable investment account, where you can make one donation to fund your account, then claim an immediate tax deduction while distributing donations to multiple charities over time.
This can help reduce your tax bill in a high-income year. But it can also help you donate stock without much effort on your part. While you can take a tax deduction for the current tax year, you can decide later which charities will receive your appreciated stock, as your money grows tax-free. This gives you time to think about the causes that are most important to you.
You can also make a direct stock donation to a charity without a DAF, but you'll need to make sure they can accept it.
Under the One Big Beautiful Bill Act, which changed federal rules for charitable deductions in 2026 (7), stock donations — like other donations — are subject to a new 0.5% AGI "floor." Basically, that means you can deduct donations only if they exceed 0.5% of your adjusted gross income.
So let's say your adjusted gross income is $80,000. If you make a direct stock donation worth $5,000, you can deduct $4,600 (the first $400 will not be deductible).
The pre-existing 30% AGI limit remains, meaning you can typically deduct non-cash assets such as stock up to 30% of your adjusted gross income (as opposed to 60% for cash donations) in a single year. However, if you've exceeded that 30% threshold, you can carry over (8) unused deductions for up to five years.
You'll also want to make sure you're donating to an IRS-recognized charity — typically a 501(c)(3) organization — to ensure you qualify for tax deductions. You can check an organization's tax-exempt status on the IRS's Tax Exempt Organization Search Tool (9).
Not all charities can receive a stock donation, but those that do can liquidate the stock to fund their work — making stocks with liquidity on a public exchange a better option for donation than private, illiquid stocks.
Millionaires under 43 are reshaping investing — just 25% of their portfolios are in stocks. Here’s where their money is going
Taxes are going to change for retirees under Trump’s ‘big beautiful bill’ — here are 4 reasons you can’t afford to waste time
Robert Kiyosaki issues grim warning for baby boomers: many could be ‘wiped out’ and homeless ‘all over’ the country
Vanguard’s outlook on U.S. stocks is raising alarm bells for retirees. Here’s why and how to protect yourself
Join 250,000+ readers and get Moneywise’s best stories and exclusive interviews first — clear insights curated and delivered weekly. Subscribe now.
We rely only on vetted sources and credible third-party reporting. For details, see our ethics and guidelines.
Forbes (1),(2); Fidelity Charitable (3),(6),(7); Internal Revenue Service (4),(9); National Philanthropic Trust (5); Greater Houston Community Foundation (8)
This article originally appeared on Moneywise.com under the title: Bill Gates donated $60 billion — and lost $356 billion. But donating has real financial benefits when you do it right
This article provides information only and should not be construed as advice. It is provided without warranty of any kind.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio