Title: Alphabet's AI Push Reinforces Search Dominance_ More Upside Ahead_
Date: 2026-04-24 15:08
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/technology/articles/alphabets-ai-push-reinforces-search-150800688.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude. 
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
Allbirds' AI pivot shows signs of froth in markets, but experts say the underlying fundamentals in AI remain strong.
Dow leaps 850 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch new records in stunning rally amid US-Iran diplomacy hopes
Stocks climbed at the open and oil fell as Iran said the Strait of Hormuz is 'completely open'
The stock market has notched one of its fastest turnarounds in years
Europe is facing a severe jet fuel shortage, with 'maybe six weeks of jet fuel left'
Stocks rebound after Trump says Israel, Lebanon agreed to ceasefire
S&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq rise, with fresh records in view amid hopes for truce
Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions
S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses
The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company
S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled
Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher
US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI
JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks'
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Alphabet’s GOOGL Search-related endeavors have received a massive push through AI integrations. The company is leading the search domain with 89.85% market share, followed by Microsoft’s MSFT Bing, with 5.13% share, Yahoo!’s 1.48%, Yandex’s 1.3%, DuckDuckGo’s 0.75% and Baidu’s BIDU 0.53%, per the latest data from StatCounter.Alphabet has been introducing AI-powered features frequently to boost user engagement of its Search business. The company integrated Gemini 3 directly into AI Mode in Search, which is driving engagement. Alphabet has introduced Personal Intelligence in AI Mode in Search (January 2026) and the Gemini app. GOOGL is now expanding Personal Intelligence in the United States across AI Mode in Search, the Gemini app and Gemini in Chrome. AI Mode strengthens Alphabet’s core business. It is driving higher user engagement, with longer and more complex queries, which are easier to monetize. Importantly, AI Mode expands the scope of search rather than replacing it, creating incremental growth opportunities. Upgradation of AI Overviews to Gemini 3 is offering users a best-in-class AI response at the top of the search results page. GOOGL has made the transition from an AI overview to a conversation in AI Mode completely seamless. This is driving up user experience as well as engagement.Google Chrome’s latest upgrade to AI Mode now signals a major shift in how users interact with the web, moving from fragmented browsing to a more seamless, conversational experience. Traditionally, online research involves juggling multiple tabs, repeatedly switching between pages and losing track of context. AI Mode addresses this inefficiency by enabling a side-by-side interface, where webpages open alongside the AI assistant. This allows users to explore content, compare information, and ask follow-up questions without breaking their flow. A key enhancement is the ability to integrate multiple inputs — including open tabs, images, and documents — into a single query. This enables more personalized and context-rich responses, whether for travel planning or academic study. Built-in tools like Canvas and image generation further extend AI’s utility directly within the browser.AI Mode also unlocks new advertising formats and supports the evolution of AI-driven commerce, where users can discover and potentially complete purchases within the search experience. Combined with Gemini’s growing adoption and integration across products, this positions Alphabet to deepen its competitive advantage. This is expected to improve user engagement, driving advertising revenues. In the fourth quarter of 2025, Search revenues increased 17% year over year.
Microsoft is keeping no stone unturned to improve the capabilities of Bing. The company has been integrating AI into Bing thanks to its partnership with OpenAI. Copilot answers complex queries, and the launch of Bing Generative Search is improving query understanding, thereby driving user engagement. AI search is now embedded into Microsoft’s Edge browser and Windows ecosystem. These are expected to boost Microsoft’s Search market share over the long haul.Meanwhile, Baidu has launched new AI-powered tools to support its search business. Its proprietary ERNIE (Enhanced Representation through Knowledge Integration) models improve the semantic understanding of queries and enhance retrieval accuracy, especially for complex queries. Baidu released an updated version of its omni-modal foundation model ERNIE 5.0 in January 2026 and restructured its model development organization into two dedicated teams to sharpen its application-driven AI strategy.
Alphabet shares have dropped 8.3% year to date, outperforming the broader Zacks Computer and Technology sector’s return of 6.4%.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
The GOOGL stock is trading at a premium, with a forward 12-month price/sales of 9.52X compared with the broader sector’s 6.45X. Alphabet has a Value Score of D.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for 2026 earnings is pegged at $11.54 per share, unchanged over the past 30 days, suggesting 6.8% growth from 2025’s reported figure.
Alphabet Inc. price-consensus-chart | Alphabet Inc. Quote
Alphabet currently carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Baidu, Inc. (BIDU) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio