Title: Is Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) the Best Counter Cyclical Stock to Buy Right Now_
Date: 2026-04-23 20:47
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/healthcare/articles/johnson-johnson-jnj-best-counter-204727524.html?.tsrc=rss

Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) is one of the 8 Best Counter Cyclical Stocks to Buy Right Now. On April 21, 2026, Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) said it will present updates across its electrophysiology portfolio at the 2026 Heart Rhythm Society Annual Meeting, including developments in pulsed field ablation and advances in cardiac mapping and imaging. The company will introduce the CARTOSOUND SONATA Module, which uses artificial intelligence with the CARTO System to convert intracardiac echocardiography images into detailed maps and automatically label cardiac structures. The module integrates with SOUNDSTAR CRYSTAL and NUVISION NAV ultrasound catheters, supporting treatment planning for conditions such as atrial fibrillation, ventricular tachycardia, and complex procedures. Johnson & Johnson will also share new clinical and real-world data on its VARIPULSE Platform for atrial fibrillation, highlighting safety, workflow efficiency, and patient outcomes. The VARIPULSE Plus update in the U.S. adds automated irrigation flow control, while the VARIPULSE Pro3 platform, recently launched in Europe, introduces a new pulse sequence aimed at improving workflow efficiency. Trong Nguyen / Shutterstock.com A day earlier, Guggenheim raised its price target on Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) to $266 from $244 previously and maintained a Buy rating on the shares after updating its model following Q1 earnings and reviewing the Icotyde opportunity after its recent approval in plaque psoriasis. The firm increased its Icotyde unadjusted peak revenue estimate to $14.9B from about $10B. Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) engages in the research and development, manufacture, and sale of healthcare products worldwide. While we acknowledge the potential of JNJ as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on thebest short-term AI stock. READ NEXT:33 Stocks That Should Double in 3 YearsandCathie Wood 2026 Portfolio: 10 Best Stocks to Buy. Disclosure: None.Follow Insider Monkey on Google News.