Title: America’s Fastest-Growing Breakfast Chain Has Fans and Haters
Date: 2026-05-04 12:45
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/america-fastest-growing-breakfast-chain-124552135.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
(Bloomberg) -- First Watch Restaurant Group Inc. is growing faster than any other sit-down chain in the US, betting big on breakfast at a time when competitors are struggling to attract early risers. Wall Street analysts love the stock.
Most Read from Bloomberg
China’s Unprecedented Defiance of US Sanctions Triggers Showdown
Beijing Tells China Firms to Ignore US Sanctions on Refiners
Former NYC Mayor Giuliani in Critical Condition, Trump Says
Supertanker Appears to Have Crossed the Strait of Hormuz
World’s Largest Container Carrier Plans Route Avoiding Hormuz
Investors don’t.
The shares have sunk roughly 50% from a 2024 record, weighed down by broader concerns about whether cash-strapped consumers will keep eating out and the company missing some expectations.
Meanwhile, analysts tout its rapid pace of store openings and steady sales growth at existing locations. They also like that the chain has wealthier customers who dine on $14 avocado toast and $13 quinoa bowls for breakfast — a part of the day that has been difficult for many competitors as Americans eat less in the morning.
The disconnect between that enthusiasm and investors’ skittishness is puzzling analysts such as Andy Barish of Jefferies.
“They have a nice growth opportunity in front of them that isn’t being recognized in the current valuation,” said Barish, who has a buy rating on the shares and expects them to jump about 70% over the next 12 months.
Much of the market’s angst, according to Barish, can be tied to underwhelming sales and profit guidance issued in February, which spurred a record one-day drop that he sees as an overreaction. There are also bigger worries about the sector.
“People are concerned that breakfast-brunch is more of a discretionary occasion, and whether or not there is additional competition entering the category,” Barish said.
Investors will learn more about First Watch on Tuesday when the chain reports its first-quarter results before the market opens. One of its big challenges is to escape the negative sentiment on restaurants, given that consumer confidence is in the gutter amid inflation worries, especially higher gas prices driven by the conflict in the Middle East.
Popular chains like McDonald’s Corp. have also warned that Americans are increasingly pulling back on breakfast, and casual dining rivals with more expansive menus and operating hours remain a threat to market share. The tough environment puts a number of options on the table for First Watch, even becoming an acquisition target, analysts say.
Wall Street pared back short-term expectations on the chain in response to the uninspiring outlook: the average earnings per share estimate for the current quarter has plunged 97% since Feb. 24, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. Assumptions for earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization are down about 4% in that same period.
Still, the stock is well-loved on Wall Street. First Watch has 12 buy-equivalent ratings with just one hold and zero sells. The average 12-month price target of $19.33 implies an almost 50% climb from where the shares closed on Friday.
On a recent weekday morning at a First Watch in Union, New Jersey — about 30 minutes outside Manhattan — country music drowned out nearby highway traffic. The diner vibe had walls adorned with polished tractor seats, cast iron pans and a big picture of a deer in a brook. The menu included $15 bacon, egg and cheese sandwiches with arugula and kale-based juice for about $6.
That kind of elevated food paired with what analysts describe as better service than competitors boosted First Watch’s sales 20% to $1.2 billion in 2025, marking a doubling in four years. The company, which was founded in 1983 and had an initial public offering in 2021, added about 60 locations last year — an 11% increase and the most among US full-service chains, according to researcher Technomic.
“A lot of restaurants have gotten away from the core of good service, good food,” Stephens analyst Jim Salera said. “At the end of the day, you can put bells and whistles on your menu and have this collab with XYZ movie brand or whatever; people go to restaurants for good food and good service.”
First Watch’s formula leans toward simplicity. Its more than 600 locations counter much of the industry’s push to increase complexity by selling more kinds of food at various parts of the day. It’s only open from 7 a.m. to 2:30 p.m., allowing the chain to focus on breakfast and brunch and running just one shift keeps a lid on costs. More people working from home after the pandemic has also boosted weekday visits and helped growth, according to the company.
The food is a step up from competitors, but customers don’t spend much more. First Watch has an average transaction of $45, according to Bloomberg Second Measure data, placing it about 10% above IHOP, Denny’s and similar chains.
Analysts say First Watch’s advantage in customer service is helped by lower employee turnover because its single daytime shift offers more stable hours than other chains. Executives point to it also being helped by a health halo because of ingredients such as cage-free eggs and organic greens and locations that don’t have deep fryers, heat lamps or microwaves. All that has the company, based in Bradenton, Florida, planning to add a similar amount of stores this year.
The chain’s growth is surprising given that total revenue for chain restaurants in the US fell 1% in 2025 and a steeper drop is projected this year, according to researcher IBISWorld. Other publicly held sit-down breakfast chains are struggling. Cracker Barrel is trying to reverse sales declines and has slowed openings. IHOP, owned by Dine Brands, is also experiencing weakening demand.
First Watch’s food has won over customers such as Dr. Patricia Peterson-Bland. The 68 year old, who had just finished breakfast at the New Jersey location, said she also preferred the chain because it’s clean and has a professional waitstaff. She sees it as a place that can be for a midweek breakfast or a special brunch with her grandson.
That’s exactly what Chris Tomasso, First Watch’s chief executive officer, is trying to accomplish. The chain aims to be as good as the best brunch place in town, while also being affordable enough to draw more visits.
“If you think about that pendulum, we want to sit right in the middle where we get the frequency, but the food quality is such that it matches any local, chef-driven brunch,” Tomasso told investors in March. “We want a more frequent occasion.”
Now he has to convince investors of that.
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
America’s Go-To Autism Therapy Is Also the Most Controversial
It’s Boating Season, But Only If You Can Afford Fuel
Whatnot Has Americans Hooked on Livestream Shopping
Ready or Not, the AI Phones Are Coming
Running America’s Second-Busiest Airport in Turbulent Times
©2026 Bloomberg L.P.
