Title: The FBI shut down a swarm of crypto scams. Here's what happened.
Date: 2026-05-04 17:30
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/fbi-shut-down-swarm-crypto-173000869.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
The US Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) shut down several crypto scam centers, leading to 276 arrests and $562 million saved. Scott Melker discusses the details in the video above."The Daily Wolf with Scott Melker" airs every day at 12:00 p.m. Tune in for your daily dose of all things crypto.Make sure to also check out Yahoo Finance's new crypto hub to find the latest crypto-related news.
Now, the next story we have here is just sort of an update to the one we talked about last week.
Coordinated takedown of scam centers leads to at least 276 arrests, alleged managers and recruiters charged in San Diego.
So we had 275 arrests in Dubai, which is crazy because this was, you know, the DOJ working with them and FBI.
Uh one in Thailand, six in San Diego.
Obviously this uh is on the back of $11.3 billion in crypto fraud losses in 2025.
This is another pig butchering scam like the one that we told you about last week.
They had that huge crackdown in October uh against the Prince group.
Well, now 276 more people, nine scam centers cracked down.
They said that according to this release, there was 9,000 victims notified and $562 million saved in this one scam alone.
And sort of the interesting nuance of this is actually that Meta, apparently, uh was very involved in cooperating in this to crack down on these criminals.
So, once again, these are pig butchering scams where, you know, you had these scam centers in Dubai and these people in Dubai and all around the world, and they're targeting elderly and others in foreign countries like the United States and Canada.
They earn their trust, tell them about an investment, and then, of course, you send in your money and there's the fraud.
You lose your money, gone forever.
So, good to see that there's going to be continued crackdowns on all these scammers. Hopefully, uh they're all eliminated so we don't have to deal with hearing about how uh crypto is only for scams.
