Title: Oil Declines on Renewed Optimism for US-Iran Negotiations
Date: 2026-04-24 20:06
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/oil-rises-fifth-day-as-iran-talks-impasse-adds-to-uncertainty-001855331.html?.tsrc=rss

Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home.
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker.
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude.
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
(Bloomberg) -- Oil prices fell on fresh hopes that elusive peace talks between the US and Iran may materialize after all and pave the way for the resumption of energy flows though the vital Strait of Hormuz.
Most Read from Bloomberg
The Billion-Barrel Hormuz Oil Shock Is About to Crash Demand
Google Plans to Invest Up to $40 Billion in Anthropic
Trump Scraps US Trip for Iran Talks, Leaving Ceasefire in Limbo
US Reduces Marijuana Restrictions in Lift to Ailing Industry
The Hottest Phone for Kids Right Now Is a $100 Landline
West Texas Intermediate futures fell 1.5% to settle above $94 a barrel. The White House said it was sending two envoys to Pakistan with the intention of talking with Iranian officials also slated to be in Islamabad. But Tehran still sounded a pessimistic tone on the prospects for talks.
Traders have been closely tracking signals on whether peace talks will again take place and offer some relief as the strait — which connects the Persian Gulf to global markets — remains largely shut. Conflicting messaging from both sides means that WTI futures are still up 13% for the week, the biggest jump since the initial surge triggered by the war in early March.
Iran Foreign Minister Abbas Araghchi plans to present a new written response to a US proposal for a peace deal while in Pakistan, the New York Times reported.
Recent developments “suggest that traders are getting increasingly comfortable with the idea that the kinetic phase of the US-Iran conflict is ending, or has already ended, and that an economic war is becoming entrenched,” said Thierry Wizman, Global FX & Rates Strategist at Macquarie Group.
US President Donald Trump’s Truth Social posts — as well as his decision to continue a naval blockade of Iranian ports — have been detrimental to negotiations through mediators such as Pakistan, according to two US officials familiar with the matter.
The blockade, a major sticking point in bringing Tehran to the negotiating table, is choking off Iranian crude exports — the only flows out of the Persian Gulf since the war began at the end of February. A US-sanctioned supertanker laden with Iranian oil appeared to halt its transit through Hormuz on Friday.
“All they have to do is abandon a nuclear weapon and in meaningful and verifiable ways,” US Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth said Friday. “Or instead, they can watch their regime’s fragile economic state collapse under the unrelenting pressure of American power, a blockade as long as it takes. Whatever President Trump decides.”
Trump said in a social media post this week that he had ordered the US Navy to “shoot and kill” boats laying mines in the strait.
Crude oil production in the Persian Gulf will take “a few months” to mostly restore, assuming a full reopening of Hormuz and no renewed strikes, Goldman Sachs Group Inc. analysts including Daan Struyven said in an April 23 note. The bank sees output being curtailed by about 14.5 million barrels a day, or more than 50% in April.
“Even a full reopening may still leave flows taking several months to normalize, creating additional tightness, especially in diesel and jet fuel, and forcing countries and companies to curb demand,” Saxo Bank’s Hansen said.
--With assistance from Sarah Chen and Charlie Zhu.
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
‘I Have Half of MAGA’: The Republican Challenging Trump From Within
United’s CEO Is Here to Buy Your Struggling Airline
AI Startup Has Helped Reverse Thousands of Denied Health Insurance Claims
Why If the War Doesn’t End Soon, Everyone Will Pay
The Humble Bean Gets a High-End Glow-Up
©2026 Bloomberg L.P.