Title: Gladman Sachs (GS) Is One Of The  Stocks To Buy Before SpaceX IPO
Date: 2026-04-26 16:54
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/gladman-sachs-gs-one-stocks-165430529.html?.tsrc=rss

Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home.
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker.
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude.
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (NYSE:GS) is one of the
10 Best Stocks to Buy Before SpaceX IPO .
The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (NYSE:GS), as one of the advisors and underwriters of the upcoming SpaceX IPO, is a major beneficiary of the event. The IPO is expected to be worth $75 billion, valuing the company at around $1.75 trillion. On both metrics, it will be the biggest IPO ever.
Photo by Robb Miller on Unsplash
The IPO is especially relevant because IPO activity slowed down in the second part of the previous quarter due to tensions in the Middle East. CEO David Solomon pointed this out on the earnings call, but was quick to add that the pipeline is strong.
There is no question that with the conflict in the Middle East, IPO activity slowed a little bit, particularly in March. I do think there’s a very full pipeline. And at the end of the day, equity markets have been extremely resilient and if that resilience continues, I do think you’ll see IPO activity accelerate again.
He also downplayed the future impact of global political issues on the upcoming major IPOs, adding that companies that require capital and are not directly affected by the crises will eventually come to market to raise funds.
While there could be, given the uncertainty of the war, some slowdown in IPO type monetization, that doesn’t mean that the sophisticated sponsors of the world aren’t thinking much like some of the well-capitalized corporates as to whether or not they can’t take advantage of some of the dislocation. So there’s multiple ways to think about it.
Despite headwinds in the previous quarter, Goldman comfortably beat first-quarter expectations, reporting EPS of $17.55 vs. $16.49 expected. The SpaceX IPO could add some positive sentiment to the stock, which, according to the management, is suffering under the negativity of the uncertain macro environment.
The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (NYSE:GS) is one of the leading investment banks and financial services firms that specializes in global markets, asset and health management, and research services, among others. The company was founded by Marcus Goldman and is headquartered in New York City, United States.
While we acknowledge the potential of GS as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock .
READ NEXT: 33 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Years and Cathie Wood 2026 Portfolio: 10 Best Stocks to Buy .
Disclosure: None. Follow Insider Monkey on Google News .