Title: Japan Can Conduct 30 More Yen Interventions, Goldman Sachs Says
Date: 2026-05-04 04:03
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/currencies/articles/japan-conduct-30-more-yen-040323267.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
(Bloomberg) -- Japan has the firepower to intervene 30 times in currency markets at last week’s scale, according to analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc., though officials are expected to conserve its reserves and step in at more effective moments.
Most Read from Bloomberg
Beijing Tells China Firms to Ignore US Sanctions on Refiners
Supertanker Appears to Have Crossed the Strait of Hormuz
Former NYC Mayor Giuliani in Critical Condition, Trump Says
World’s Largest Container Carrier Plans Route Avoiding Hormuz
Philippines Says Thousands Evacuated as Mayon Volcano Erupts
Authorities likely spent about ¥5 trillion ($31.3 billion) last Thursday to prop up the yen after it weakened past 160 against the dollar, Yuriko Tanaka, an economist at the Wall Street bank, wrote in a report late Friday. The intervention during relatively moderate volatility suggests policymakers view that level as the “line of defense,” she added.
“Given the finite source of funds for FX intervention, we expect the MOF will aim to maximize the impact of each intervention, and cautiously select the most effective timing, such as when the yen is rapidly weakening,” she added.
The intervention followed repeated warnings by officials and was the first since July 2024, when the yen had also crossed the 160 mark, and led to a surge in the currency. High energy costs and expectations that the spread between US-Japan policy rates won’t narrow anytime soon have led to pressure on the currency.
What Bloomberg Strategists Say...
Japanese authorities targeted the London-European session last week, but as the UK is on a public holiday on Monday, the attention will shift toward New York.
— Mark Cranfield, MLIV. For full analysis, click here
Going forward, the likelihood and scale of further moves to prop up the yen will depend on the pace of currency depreciation, market volatility and outright levels, Tanaka said. Japan holds about $1.2 trillion in foreign reserves as of the end of March, including $161.7 billion in foreign-currency deposits that can be used for intervention, with the remaining is held in foreign securities.
--With assistance from John Cheng.
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
America’s Go-To Autism Therapy Is Also the Most Controversial
It’s Boating Season, But Only If You Can Afford Fuel
Running America’s Second-Busiest Airport in Turbulent Times
Ready or Not, the AI Phones Are Coming
The NBA Draft Is Bad for Business
©2026 Bloomberg L.P.
