Title: Morgan Stanley Sees Tech Earnings Eclipsing Iran War for Stocks
Date: 2026-05-04 09:04
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/morgan-stanley-sees-tech-earnings-090410744.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
(Bloomberg) -- Strong US corporate earnings led by a buoyant tech sector are overshadowing fears that the Middle East conflict could weigh on stocks, according to strategists at Morgan Stanley.
Most Read from Bloomberg
Beijing Tells China Firms to Ignore US Sanctions on Refiners
Former NYC Mayor Giuliani in Critical Condition, Trump Says
Supertanker Appears to Have Crossed the Strait of Hormuz
World’s Largest Container Carrier Plans Route Avoiding Hormuz
China’s Unprecedented Defiance of US Sanctions Triggers Showdown
Earnings revisions for the S&P 500 have moved higher across multiple time horizons over the past month, the team led by Michael Wilson wrote in a note. Second-quarter estimates are up 2% and forecasts for calendar 2026 and the next 12 months have risen 3% and 4%, respectively.
The first-quarter reporting season has delivered robust results, with the median S&P 500 company posting an earnings-per-share upside surprise of 6%. That’s the strongest in four years, the strategists said.
Hyperscalers and semiconductor companies have been been “major contributors to this durability,” Wilson said, as they benefited from accelerating cloud demand and solid order backlogs. “The strength is not limited to these cohorts,” however, as upward revisions have also picked up across financials, industrials and consumer cyclicals, signaling a more durable expansion in profit growth.
The impact of the Iran war is expected to remain uneven rather than systemic, with cost pressures affecting companies on a case-by-case basis rather than weighing on entire sectors, Wilson said. Energy companies, meanwhile, are a tailwind for overall earnings as higher oil prices boost their profit growth.
Despite resilient earnings and US stocks at all-time highs, concentration risks remain a headache for investors, with seven stocks having generated around 80% of S&P 500 returns since the start of the year.
Still, Goldman Sachs Group Inc. strategists led by Ben Snider said the spending boom on AI infrastructure is showing no signs of slowing, with analysts having further ramped up their estimates for hyperscaler spending since the start of earnings season.
“The surge in spending estimates is driving a similar rise in earnings estimates for AI infrastructure companies, helping lift the earnings outlook for the broad market and skewing risks to our S&P 500 EPS estimates to the upside,” Snider and his colleagues wrote.
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
America’s Go-To Autism Therapy Is Also the Most Controversial
It’s Boating Season, But Only If You Can Afford Fuel
Ready or Not, the AI Phones Are Coming
Running America’s Second-Busiest Airport in Turbulent Times
The NBA Draft Is Bad for Business
©2026 Bloomberg L.P.
