Title:   Why IonQ Stock Skyrocketed Today
Date:    2026-04-15
URL:     https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/14/why-ionq-stock-skyrocketed-today/?.tsrc=rss
--Article Content--
IonQ(IONQ+20.13%)stock saw a massive rallyinTuesday's trading.The company's share price closedout the dayup 20.2% in a session that saw theS&P500's levelclimb 1.1% and theNasdaqComposite's levelrise 1.9%.
Thequantum-computingspecialist's valuation bumpwas partially drivenby bullish momentumfor the broader market, but there was also some very promising business-specific news.Despite today's big rally, IonQ stock is still down roughly 56.5% fromthehighit reachedlast year.
Image source: Getty Images.
The stock market roared higher today on hopes that negotiations could resume to end the Iran war. President Donald Trump said yesterday that Iranian officials had reached out to resume talks to end the conflict. The Iran war hashad a destabilizing impact onvaluations for many growth-dependent tech stocks, and news that a potential deal to end the conflict is still on the table helped power big valuation gains across the industry today. IonQ's valuation saw a big boost in conjunction with the catalyst, and that was far from the only good news for shareholders.
In a press release published today, IonQ revealed that it had won a new contract with the U.S. Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA). Through the partnership, IonQ will be working on DARPA's Heterogeneous Architectures for Quantum (HARQ) project to develop advanced quantum-computing systems.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
The significance of the announcementwas multipliedby news that IonQ's partnership with the U.S. Air Force Research Laboratory had yielded successful resultsfor the interconnecting oftwo independent trapped-ion quantum-computing systems.The developmentsuggestsa major step forwardforthe networking of quantum systems and looks even more promising giventhat it was paired withnews of the expanded DARPA partnership.
Before you buy stock inIonQ, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andIonQwasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $556,335!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,160,572!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is975% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to193%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 15, 2026.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over55 Metas.
What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
*Returns as of April 15, 2026.**$149 for 2 years is a promotional price for new members only. Renews at current list price of $199 after 2nd year.