Title: Amazon vs. Shopify: Which E-Commerce Giant Will Make You Richer?
Date: 2026-04-15 06:25
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/15/amazon-vs-shopify-which-e-commerce-giant-will-make/?.tsrc=rss
Content: Amazon remains the industry's powerhouse, but consumers' preferences are shifting in a way that only works to one of these outfits' advantage.
Most investors realize Amazon (AMZN +3.83%) has been one of the market's most rewarding stocks of this century so far. As the old adage goes, though, past performance is no guarantee of future results.
How might this company's stock perform against shares of unlikely e-commerce rival Shopify (SHOP +2.32%) from here? Actually, Shopify is likely to make you richer going forward.
Don't misunderstand. Amazon is still a solid holding. It's got a unique challenge that will never go away, though. That's its sheer size. With last year's total top line of $717 billion, it's running out of room to keep expanding its reach. Even its fast-growing (and breadwinning) cloud computing arm will eventually run out of ways and places to grow, as it also encounters competition from titans like Alphabet and Microsoft.
Image source: Getty Images.
At the other end of the spectrum, Shopify's smaller size is seemingly working to its advantage. Its customizable online storefronts helped facilitate the sale of $378 billion in goods and services last year, generating $11.5 billion in revenue. Those numbers were up 29% and 30%, respectively, underscoring the argument that more consumers prefer a more personalized approach to buying goods online, in contrast with Amazon's faceless mega-mall.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
And that really is the key here. Consumers are craving authenticity. Amazon can't deliver it. Users of Shopify's technology can.
The opportunity is enormous, too. The U.S. Census Bureau says e-commerce accounts for only about 17% of the United States' total retail spending, while eMarketer reports only about one-fifth of that total comes from direct-to-consumer sales like the ones that Shopify helps make happen. Similar numbers apply overseas as well. That's why Global Insight Services predicts the worldwide direct-to-consumer market is set to grow at an average annualized pace of nearly 15% through 2034, when the industry should be worth $880 billion per year.
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name. 
Shopify is well positioned to capture a solid share of this expansion.

 


Before you buy stock in Shopify, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Shopify wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $556,335!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,160,572!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 975% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 193% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 15, 2026. 

James Brumley has positions in Alphabet. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Alphabet, Amazon, Microsoft, and Shopify. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 35 Amazons.
What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
*Returns as of April 15, 2026. **$149 for 2 years is a promotional price for new members only. Renews at current list price of $199 after 2nd year. 
