Title: Microsoft (MSFT) Must Face a UK lawsuit Over Cloud Computing Licenses
Date: 2026-04-25 05:57
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/microsoft-msft-must-face-uk-055714218.html?.tsrc=rss

Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) is one of the 8 Best AI Stocks to Buy According to Billionaire Ken Griffin. On April 21, 2026, Reuters reported that Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) had to deal with a mass lawsuit in the United Kingdom alleging that it overcharged businesses for Windows Server licenses on alternative cloud platforms. It happened right after the Competition Appeal Tribunal permitted the case to proceed. A competition lawyer, Maria Luisa Stasi, filed the action on behalf of close to 60,000 businesses, with possible damages of up to 2.1 billion pounds ($2.8 billion). In the claim, Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) raised wholesale prices for Windows Server on services provided by Amazon, Google, and Alibaba. It offered more attractive pricing for its Azure platform, pushing up consumer costs and distorting competition. Lawyers argued that the pricing variations made Azure more affordable. Photo by Microsoft 365 on Unsplash Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) claims the case lacks a realistic basis for calculating losses and plans to appeal the tribunal’s judgment while rejecting the allegations. Stasi hailed the decision as a major step for affected organizations. Regulators in the United Kingdom, Europe, and the United States are still investigating cloud licensing policies, and the UK’s CMA has just launched an investigation into Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT). Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) creates and supports software, services, devices, and solutions. Its business is divided into three segments: productivity and business processes, intelligent cloud, and more personal computing. While we acknowledge the potential of MSFT as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on thebest short-term AI stock. READ NEXT:33 Stocks That Should Double in 3 YearsandCathie Wood 2026 Portfolio: 10 Best Stocks to Buy. Disclosure: None.Follow Insider Monkey on Google News.