Title: Victory Giant Surges in Debut After Biggest Hong Kong Listing This Year
Date: 2026-04-24 03:59
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/victory-giant-surges-debut-biggest-024933263.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude. 
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
Allbirds' AI pivot shows signs of froth in markets, but experts say the underlying fundamentals in AI remain strong.
Dow leaps 850 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch new records in stunning rally amid US-Iran diplomacy hopes
Stocks climbed at the open and oil fell as Iran said the Strait of Hormuz is 'completely open'
The stock market has notched one of its fastest turnarounds in years
Europe is facing a severe jet fuel shortage, with 'maybe six weeks of jet fuel left'
Stocks rebound after Trump says Israel, Lebanon agreed to ceasefire
S&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq rise, with fresh records in view amid hopes for truce
Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions
S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses
The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company
S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled
Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher
US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI
JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks'
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
(Bloomberg) -- Victory Giant Technology Huizhou Co., a Chinese supplier to Nvidia Corp., surged 50% in its Hong Kong trading debut after raising $2.6 billion in the city’s largest listing in seven months.
Most Read from Bloomberg
US Reduces Marijuana Restrictions in Lift to Ailing Industry
Meta Tells Staff It Will Cut 10% of Jobs in Push for Efficiency
Anthropic’s Mythos Model Is Being Accessed by Unauthorized Users
Inside Alex Cooper’s Unwell: Tears, Screaming and Employees Looking for the Exit
Microsoft Offers Buyouts to About 7% of US Workers
The shares rose to close at HK$315.00 on Tuesday, compared with a listing price of HK$209.88 each. The listing priced at the maximum and attracted thirty-seven cornerstone investors — which get guaranteed allocation in exchange for holding the shares for at least six months — buying about $997 million worth of stock. The stock jumped 74% in gray-market trading before the debut.
The share sale, Hong Kong’s biggest since Zijin Gold International Co.’s $3.7 billion offering in September, has kicked off what bankers in the city hope to become a procession of heavyweight deals. Victory Giant joins a wave of Chinese listings in the artificial intelligence space, a popular trade again against the backdrop of volatile Middle East situation. The company makes printed circuit boards, which form the intricate electronic backbone of AI servers.
“It’s not just about investors buying into China’s hard tech, it all comes down to fundamentals,” said Kenny Ng, a strategist at China Everbright Securities International Co. “Thanks to the AI boom, demand and growth for PCBs are incredibly strong right now, which directly boosts the valuation. Ultimately, it’s the huge upside of the AI hardware sector that’s really driving the price.”
Cornerstone investors included Chinese billionaire Jack Ma-backed Yunfeng Capital, Morgan Stanley & Co. International Plc, and asset managers Hillhouse Investment and South Korea’s Mirae Asset Securities Co.
The listing also attracted Chinese and global investors including China Investment Corp. and Norges Bank Investment Management, the world’s largest sovereign fund, as well as BlackRock Inc. and Fidelity Investments, people familiar with the matter have said.
Founded in 2006 by Chen Tao, the Huizhou-based company is seen as a leader in high-density interconnect and multi-layer PCBs that are crucial for AI chips. The company posted revenue of 19.3 billion yuan ($2.8 billion) last year, with analysts polled by Bloomberg forecasting a 70% jump in 2026.
Robust orders
Victory Giant joined a growing list of top AI suppliers that expressed confidence in continued AI demand. Last week, Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. and equipment supplier ASML Holding NV both raised their 2026 sales outlook due to red-hot demand for AI chips.
“Orders are coming in extremely robust,” Chen said in an interview.
Roughly three quarters of the funds raised from the Hong Kong listing will be used to expand capacity in China, while the rest to be spend in Southeast Asian expansions to meet clients’ request, Chen said in a Bloomberg TV interview.
Victory Giant plans to add $30 billion in capacity over the next three years, including an additional $10 billion worth of products to be manufactured in Thailand, Vietnam and Malaysia, Chen said. North American customers account for 70% of Victory Giant’s revenue, he said.
“This IPO could be an attractive value growth opportunity, provided there are no further export controls from the US side,” said Gerald Gan, chief investment officer at Reed Capital Partners. The company can use the proceeds “to grow its market share in the ASICs market, though it needs to compete with existing suppliers from Taiwan and Japan.”
Victory Giant’s debut extends a string of strong first-day performances by Chinese technology shares in Hong Kong. Last week, Sigenergy Technology Co., which makes energy storage equipment, jumped 103% in its debut, while robotics software unicorn Manycore Tech Inc. surged 187%. The shares of Delton Technology Guangzhou Inc., another Chinese maker of circuit boards, have gained about 110% since their Hong Kong debut a month ago.
Citigroup analysts led by Karen Huang maintain a buy recommendation for Victory Giant, valuing the Shenzhen‑listed shares at 20 times 2027 earnings, with price target of 415 yuan, citing robust growth driven by AI‑related PCB demand, upside to average selling prices, and potential opportunities in datacenter switches and ASICs.
The listing price had a discount of about 47% to Victory Giant’s closing price on Monday in Shenzhen, where they closed at 343 yuan. Tuesday’s debut quickly narrowed that to about 17%. The fervor for AI has driven the Shenzhen stock up nearly fourfold over the past year. Double-listed firms typically trade at a discount in Hong Kong to their onshore prices.
JPMorgan Chase, China Securities International and GF Securities are joint sponsors of the offering.
--With assistance from Chongjing Li, Dave Sebastian and Charlotte Yang.
(Company corrects currency cited in 11th paragraph.)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
‘I Have Half of MAGA’: The Republican Challenging Trump From Within
AI Startup Has Helped Reverse Thousands of Denied Health Insurance Claims
QVC Lost the Home Shoppers to Social Media Influencers
Three Bedrooms for €60 Million Shows Monaco’s Dirty Money Headache
United’s CEO Is Here to Buy Your Struggling Airline
©2026 Bloomberg L.P.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio