Title: Bezos’ Physical AI Lab Has Closed Round at $38 Billion Value
Date: 2026-04-23 20:40
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/technology/articles/bezos-physical-ai-lab-closed-204011972.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude. 
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
Allbirds' AI pivot shows signs of froth in markets, but experts say the underlying fundamentals in AI remain strong.
Dow leaps 850 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch new records in stunning rally amid US-Iran diplomacy hopes
Stocks climbed at the open and oil fell as Iran said the Strait of Hormuz is 'completely open'
The stock market has notched one of its fastest turnarounds in years
Europe is facing a severe jet fuel shortage, with 'maybe six weeks of jet fuel left'
Stocks rebound after Trump says Israel, Lebanon agreed to ceasefire
S&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq rise, with fresh records in view amid hopes for truce
Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions
S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses
The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company
S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled
Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher
US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI
JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks'
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
(Bloomberg) -- Project Prometheus, the artificial intelligence lab that Amazon.com Inc. founder Jeff Bezos is leading with Google veteran Vik Bajaj, has closed a $10 billion funding round that values the company at roughly $38 billion, according to a person familiar with the situation.
Most Read from Bloomberg
Anthropic’s Mythos Model Is Being Accessed by Unauthorized Users
Meta Tells Staff It Will Cut 10% of Jobs in Push for Efficiency
Inside Alex Cooper’s Unwell: Tears, Screaming and Employees Looking for the Exit
Microsoft Offers Buyouts to About 7% of US Workers
US Reduces Marijuana Restrictions in Lift to Ailing Industry
JPMorgan Chase & Co. and BlackRock Inc. are among the firms participating in the round, but there is no lead investor, the person said, asking not to be identified because the information isn’t yet public. The lab, which is focused on developing AI models and tools that help engineer and manufacture physical products, may announce investors in the round in the coming months, the person said.
In an unusual move for an AI startup, Project Prometheus has intentionally targeted non-Silicon Valley investors such as private equity firms and sovereign wealth funds that have deep exposure to physical industries such as manufacturing. The only Silicon Valley-type firms that the lab counts among its investors are DST Global and ARCH Venture Partners, according to the person familiar with the matter.
JPMorgan declined to comment. A representative for BlackRock declined to comment. The Financial Times had previously reported that Project Prometheus was nearing completion of the funding round.
The lab has held talks with sovereign wealth funds in regions including the Middle East and Singapore, the person said. Bezos and Bajaj, who are co-chief executive officers of the startup, have been meeting with potential investors jointly, the person said, with Bezos offering the vision and ambitions and Bajaj laying out the plans for how the lab will achieve them.
Bezos is heavily involved as co-CEO, the person said, adding that he and Bajaj have multiple conversations a day. In assuming a leadership role at the lab, Bezos returned to a formal executive post for the first time since stepping down from Amazon in 2021.
Project Prometheus is also seeking to raise tens of billions dollars — if not more — for a holding company that plans to buy firms outright that it sees as benefitting from the technologies the lab is developing, the person said. Much like Berkshire Hathaway, the holding company would own the companies it acquires for decades and would target complementary businesses such as those in casting and ones that handle specialized manufacturing.
The lab is still contemplating its initial products, with plans to both sell technology that helps manufacturers design and build physical products and manufacture physical products itself. The company currently employs hundreds of people, with the most working out of San Francisco and some in London and Zurich.
The startup has already raised billions of dollars in funding, sourced in part from Bezos himself, and has attracted employees from leading AI labs like OpenAI and Google DeepMind.
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
‘I Have Half of MAGA’: The Republican Challenging Trump From Within
AI Startup Has Helped Reverse Thousands of Denied Health Insurance Claims
QVC Lost the Home Shoppers to Social Media Influencers
Three Bedrooms for €60 Million Shows Monaco’s Dirty Money Headache
A Restaurant That’s Barely Raised Prices Since 1973
©2026 Bloomberg L.P.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio