Title: Collapsing Volatility Turbocharges Returns in Carry Trades
Date: 2026-04-24 12:18
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/currencies/articles/collapsing-volatility-turbocharges-returns-across-002007083.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude. 
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
Allbirds' AI pivot shows signs of froth in markets, but experts say the underlying fundamentals in AI remain strong.
Dow leaps 850 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch new records in stunning rally amid US-Iran diplomacy hopes
Stocks climbed at the open and oil fell as Iran said the Strait of Hormuz is 'completely open'
The stock market has notched one of its fastest turnarounds in years
Europe is facing a severe jet fuel shortage, with 'maybe six weeks of jet fuel left'
Stocks rebound after Trump says Israel, Lebanon agreed to ceasefire
S&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq rise, with fresh records in view amid hopes for truce
Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions
S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses
The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company
S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled
Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher
US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI
JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks'
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
(Bloomberg) -- DoubleLine Capital and Van Eck Associates Corp. are among investors seeing renewed appeal in a currency strategy that’s revving up as the Middle East ceasefire helps steady markets and reignite risk appetite.
Most Read from Bloomberg
US Reduces Marijuana Restrictions in Lift to Ailing Industry
Meta Tells Staff It Will Cut 10% of Jobs in Push for Efficiency
Anthropic’s Mythos Model Is Being Accessed by Unauthorized Users
Inside Alex Cooper’s Unwell: Tears, Screaming and Employees Looking for the Exit
Trump’s Messaging Blitz Divides Advisers as Iran Talks Waver
The carry trade — borrowing where interest rates are low and investing where they’re high — was already thriving as the war sparked a surge in oil prices that boosted commodity currencies such as Brazil’s real and Colombia’s peso.
But now it’s getting turbocharged by the relative ebbing of international tensions, which has caused volatility in currencies, bonds and stocks to collapse. That backdrop is giving investors confidence that exchange rates won’t swing abruptly against them, as happened in 2024 when the trade combusted and roiled markets broadly.
Banks including Citigroup Inc. and Goldman Sachs Group Inc., which have been recommending various iterations of the strategy for weeks, are sticking with the calls. One common version of the trade — borrowing in the yen to buy a basket comprising the Brazilian real, Colombian peso and Turkish lira — has gained about 12% in 2026, the best annual start in three years.
“Carry is back in control,” said Luis Estrada, a strategist at RBC Capital Markets. “Markets have recovered losses too quickly for most investors to participate, so they’re moving from hedging to a yield-seeking regime, while volatility is drifting lower.”
The waning market turbulence has energized trades across asset classes. In bonds, wagers that Treasuries will outperform interest-rate swaps — a bet that does well when volatility is low — got a lift from the ceasefire, while the S&P 500 Index set a record high this week.
Optimism Abounds
“The perception of the war ending is the base case now, even if it may be overly optimistic,” said Anna Wu, a cross-asset strategist at Van Eck. “In particular, South American FX and yields are really strong at the moment thanks to their commodities links, which make them attractive for carry-trade bets.”
At RBC, Estrada suggests betting on Brazilian real gains versus the yen and Chile’s peso. Citigroup’s recommendations include Mexico’s peso, the real and the Turkish lira, while Goldman Sachs strategists have been telling clients to wager on an equally weighted basket of currencies — including the lira and Nigerian naira — against the dollar.
At Bank of America Corp., John Locascio, who heads Latin America currency-options trading, said hedge funds have been focusing on short-term trades looking for the Brazilian real to advance, while asset managers have been entering longer-term trades using digital options. These trades offer a fixed payout if the real reaches a specified higher level, effectively functioning as an all-or-nothing wager.
Locascio also said Colombia’s peso has gained “significant traction” in carry strategies in recent weeks despite the currency’s higher volatility and less-liquid status.
The peso is among the currencies that have benefited as costlier oil is expected to buoy energy-producing economies at the expense of countries that depend on imported fuel. And while crude prices are down from their wartime peak, they’re still well above levels before the conflict erupted, keeping that dynamic intact.
“Emerging-market currencies of energy exporters outside the Middle East, particularly those currencies that have elevated real yields, can continue to outperform,” said Valerie Ho, a portfolio manager at DoubleLine. “Brazil’s real has emerged as a market favorite.”
Fragile Situation
Of course, the volatility backdrop can change in an instant given the fragile nature of the situation in the Middle East. US stocks fell on Thursday and oil rose as tensions picked up with peace talks stalled. On Friday, there were signs of a potential second round of talks between Tehran and Washington.
For Jamie Patton at TCW Group, it all points to investors being too complacent.
“People are loading up the boats with risk in shallow water,” said Patton, TCW’s co-head of global rates. “However and wherever you look at risk being priced, it’s just too low.”
Another concern is that the popularity of the strategy only increases the peril for both traders and the economies they pour cash into.
Crowded wagers on emerging markets — and, on the other side, short bets against currencies like the yen — can spark a rush for the exits depending on global events or changing macroeconomic expectations. A prime example was August 2024, when a policy shift by the Bank of Japan helped upend carry trades, triggering a yen rally and jolting global markets.
An International Monetary Fund report this month flagged the rising sensitivity of hedge-fund performance to emerging-market carry returns in recent years. That suggests the unwinding of these trades, typically considered the territory of hot money that can flee quickly in times of stress, could put pressure on developing nations.
Risk Adjustment
For now, though, investors appear to be banking on the peace initiative to prevail. In currencies, a JPMorgan measure of volatility has tumbled from a multi-month high reached at the end of March, and is now around its lowest level since January.
That reversal is a boon for the carry trade because investors using the strategy rely on picking up small bits of yield over time, returns that can be swiftly wiped out by swings in exchange rates. So the calmer markets are, the better the approach looks on a risk-adjusted basis.
“Markets always look through to the other end, and the carry trade is an opportunity to make money in a risk-on environment,” said George Boubouras, head of research at hedge fund K2 Asset Management. “But we may see some reversals in the next 30 to 90 days, potentially because it’s run so well.”
--With assistance from Masaki Kondo, David Finnerty and Matthew Burgess.
(Updates with latest Middle East developments.)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
‘I Have Half of MAGA’: The Republican Challenging Trump From Within
United’s CEO Is Here to Buy Your Struggling Airline
AI Startup Has Helped Reverse Thousands of Denied Health Insurance Claims
QVC Lost the Home Shoppers to Social Media Influencers
Three Bedrooms for €60 Million Shows Monaco’s Dirty Money Headache
©2026 Bloomberg L.P.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio