Title: JPMorgan leads by value and Houlihan Lokey by volume in Q1 tech M&A
Date: 2026-04-24 02:51
URL: https://www.verdict.co.uk/jpmorgan-leads-value-q1-2026-tech/?.tsrc=rss

Houlihan Lokey led by deal volume in Q1 2026, advising on 19 transactions and retaining its year-on-year lead.
JPMorgan led financial advisers in the technology, media and telecom (TMT) sector by deal value during the first quarter of 2026 (Q1 2026), handling transactions worth $24.7bn, according to GlobalData’s Financial Deals Database.
In terms of deal volume, Houlihan Lokey advised on the largest number of deals, totalling 19, and retained its lead in this category from the previous year.

                                The gold standard of business intelligence.
                            

                                    Find out more
                                    





            Experience unmatched clarity with a single platform that combines unique data, AI, and human expertise.
        


                Find out more
                








Morgan Stanley followed JPMorgan on deal value with $22.9bn, while Goldman Sachs, Centerview Partners and Mediobanca recorded $18bn, $13.4bn, and $12.5bn, respectively.
For deal volume, Evercore ranked second with 13 transactions, JPMorgan occupied the third position with 12, Morgan Stanley handled 11, and Stifel/KBW advised on eight deals.
GlobalData lead analyst Aurojyoti Bose said: “Houlihan Lokey was the top adviser by volume in Q1 2025 and managed to retain its leadership position by this metric in Q1 2026 as well, despite registering a year-on-year (YoY) drop in the total number of deals advised.
“Meanwhile, JPMorgan also registered a decline in the total value of deals advised but experienced an improvement in its ranking by value. It went ahead from occupying the fourth position by value in Q1 2025 to top the chart by this metric in Q1 2026. Apart from leading by value, it also held the third position by volume during Q1 2026.”
GlobalData’s league tables are based on the real-time tracking of thousands of company websites, advisory firm websites and other reliable sources available in the secondary domain. A dedicated team of analysts monitors all these sources to gather in-depth details for each deal, including adviser names.
To ensure further robustness to the data, the company also seeks submissions of deals from leading advisers.

                The gold standard of business intelligence.
            


                    Find out more
                    





            Experience unmatched clarity with a single platform that combines unique data, AI, and human expertise.
        


                Find out more
                








Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights.
Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. 





                                                                                                                                Thematic Take (monthly)                                                                                                                        






                                                    I consent to Verdict Media Limited collecting my details provided via this form in accordance with  Privacy Policy


View all newsletters from across the GlobalData Media network.

		Decrypting the latest technology news

				Powered by
				

© GlobalData Plc 2026
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.