Title: Blackstone Shrugs off Private Credit Concerns amid AI Focus
Date: 2026-04-24 04:01
URL: https://www.thedailyupside.com/technology/artificial-intelligence/blackstone-shrugs-off-private-credit-concerns-as-it-focuses-on-ai/?.tsrc=rss

Concerns of AI disruption for software firms is had had investors yanking money from private credit funds, including Blackstone’s BCRED. 
Mallika Mitra
Guest Contributor to The Daily Upside
Blackstone, Wall Street’s poster child for private equity, has effectively become a $300 billion power and data infrastructure play.
Blackstone reported impressive first-quarter earnings Thursday, with net income rising 5.6% from a year earlier to $649.7 million. Distributable earnings, a key metric that represents cash generated by the business that’s available to shareholders, jumped 25% to $1.76 billion, beating analysts’ expectations. It was one of the firm’s best quarters ever for private credit institutional fundraising, and an illustration of how Blackstone is an “all-weather” firm, its president and chief operating officer, Jon Gray, told CNBC. But the key, he added, was the firm’s decision to lean into AI infrastructure. 
“That is driving the returns across so many of our vehicles,” Gray said, adding that eight of the 10 best-performing investments were in AI infrastructure-related areas like data centers and battery storage. He said the AI buildout is what “will really drive our firm going forward.” 
Now that stocks seem to be focusing less on the war with Iran, AI companies can get back to public market listings. As a result, “this should be probably our best year ever for IPOs as a firm,’ Gray told Bloomberg. 
But the AI investing frenzy that has buoyed one part of the world’s largest alternative asset management business has been a thorn in the side for another. Concerns that AI will disrupt software companies are one of the reasons investors have been yanking money from private credit funds, including Blackstone’s BCRED, in recent months. Distributable earnings in the private credit and insurance part of the business fell 26% from the first quarter of 2025. That’s perhaps why the stock ended the trading day down nearly 6% on Thursday. 
Blackstone’s leaders don’t seem too concerned: 
Cockroach, Who? JPMorgan thinks there’s an opportunity in private credit now, too. The firm is in talks with institutional investors to raise several billion dollars for a new private credit push, Bloomberg reported Thursday. (Yes, only six months after CEO Jamie Dimon quipped, “When you see one cockroach, there are probably more” about the private credit market.)
GE Vernova stock jumped nearly 14% Wednesday following the earnings report, widening the past year’s gains to 246%. 
Anthropic revealed Mythos earlier this month, an AI model with advanced cybersecurity abilities that’s taking the tech world by storm. 
The aptly code-named startup Project Prometheus is close to scoring a new $10 billion fundraise at a cool $38 billion valuation. 
Madison Air makes climate-control products for both homes and businesses, including brands such as AprilAire and Nortek Data Center Cooling. 
CEO Jane Fraser, who took over in 2021, has won plaudits for executing a multi-year reordering of the bank’s sprawling global structure. 
Concerns about potential AI disruption of the software space have driven Palantir shares down more than 25% so far this year. 
The fixed-income, currencies and commodities business generated revenue of just $4 billion in Q1, a 10% decrease from a year ago. 
Blackberry projects double-digit yearly sales growth after a pivot to software and cybersecurity for governments, cars and AI-powered robots. 
A record year for Wall Street bonuses is driving real estate investment, from luxury coastal property to workforce housing in the heartland. 
In his annual shareholder letter, Amazon CEO Andy Jassy doubled down on massive AI investments and took a few swipes at rivals. 
Meta launched its first major AI model after a significant overhaul, while Anthropic is keeping its own dangerously good model under wraps. 
In recent days and weeks, private credit funds at KKR, Morgan Stanley and Blue Owl Capital have enforced redemption caps. 
© 2026 The Daily Upside