Title: Big banks reevaluate blockchain after $293 million KelpDAO exploit
Date: 2026-04-24 18:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/big-banks-reevaluate-blockchain-293-180000020.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude. 
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
Allbirds' AI pivot shows signs of froth in markets, but experts say the underlying fundamentals in AI remain strong.
Dow leaps 850 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch new records in stunning rally amid US-Iran diplomacy hopes
Stocks climbed at the open and oil fell as Iran said the Strait of Hormuz is 'completely open'
The stock market has notched one of its fastest turnarounds in years
Europe is facing a severe jet fuel shortage, with 'maybe six weeks of jet fuel left'
Stocks rebound after Trump says Israel, Lebanon agreed to ceasefire
S&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq rise, with fresh records in view amid hopes for truce
Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions
S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses
The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company
S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled
Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher
US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI
JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks'
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Scott Melker, the host of 'The Wolf of All Streets' podcast, discusses JPMorgan flagging DeFi danger.'The Daily Wolf with Scott Melker' airs on Yahoo Finance every day at 12:00 p.m. ET. Tune in for your daily dose of all things crypto.Make sure to also check out Yahoo Finance's new crypto hub to find the latest crypto-related news.
Now, we just talked about Morgan Stanley, so we got to talk about their cousin, J.P. Morgan, who I still think should marry their families together so we can have J.P. Morgan Stanley.
But the story we have here is back to the hacks I've been telling you about all week and we got a problem, man. J.P. Morgan issues blunt warning as investors move to safety, and it's not just J.P. Morgan that's issuing blunt warnings. We have Crypto's massive exploit may force Big Banks to rethink their blockchain plans, Jeffries warns. This is the two of the biggest organizations on the planet.
Now, let's not pretend every time we get a headline that says J.P. Morgan says or Jeffrey says, J.P. Morgan, he's dead.
He didn't say anything. Some guy at JP Morgan said it and some guy at Jeffries among their tens of thousands of employees, he said it. But what they're saying is true to some degree.
They're saying that the hacks that we've seen of late that I've explained to you over the past few days on these shows, that those hacks are going to basically put a pause on Wall Street adoption of crypto rails. Jeffries went as far to say that this will stop the adoption of real world assets on chain and it will stop the adoption of tokenization. That is complete and utter nonsense.
I'll tell you why.
SEC Chairman Paul Atkins said that everything will be tokenized and on crypto rails by the end of 2026.
Then the DTCC got a no-action lesser letter from the SEC and said that they will be moving to tokenized rails by the end of 2026. They settle 4.5 quadrillion with a Q. I'm not even sure that's a real number. 4.5 quadrillion in volume a year. They basically settle the entire stock market. So this is not going to stop tokenization because tokenizing an asset is better, it's faster, it's cheaper, it eliminates the middle man, things can be settled in real time.
That is happening. Where the confusion comes is what can you do with those tokenized assets? Because we know that once something is tokenized and once it's a part of your portfolio, it can be used to earn a yield.
And that's really where the question mark is here. Will they trust DeFi to go into DeFi and take those tokenized assets and put them to work and find a way to earn a yield. I agree with them, I don't think that's going to happen. What is probably going to happen sadly is that these large institutions will create their own centralized protocols for earning and lending and borrowing and they'll keep it inside a walled garden and the general public will not be able to capitalize on that.
There's so much more to this story, but I'm going to move on to the scarier part, which is who's actually hacking these protocols? It's North Korea. D5 faces crisis after Lazarus infiltration claims, Kelp down hack may be just the beginning.
So we know that the Lazarus Group in North Korea is behind most of the huge hacks that we've seen in crypto and it's clear that they're finding novel new ways to steal people's assets. Like I said, we've described DeFi as composable LEGOs. I take a little bit here and you go here and this you earn to yield and you re-hypothecate here and then you move this one here. I'm going to remind you, I use this meme before. It's not LEGOs, it's Jenga and this guy is North Korea.
You're playing Jenga in DeFi right now with a guy with a flamethrower and an entire national government behind him and it makes it very clear that your assets are not particularly safe. It's scary out there and I have to agree sadly with the banks that DeFi adoption, especially by institutions is probably going to be slowing at least until we can prove that these systems are safe.
I mean, think about once you let Anthropic's Mythos in there which could barely hack everything at all times. This is only going to get scarier and your assets are not particularly protected.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio