Title: Chevron increases Venezuela heavy oil stake through asset swap with PDVSA
Date: 2026-04-14 13:41
URL: https://www.offshore-technology.com/news/chevron-venezuela-asset-swap-pdvsa/?.tsrc=rss
Content: Chevron will transfer its 60% and full ownership interests in Plataforma Deltana Block 21 and Block 32 to Venezuelan entities.
Chevron has signed an asset exchange agreement with Petróleos de Venezuela (PDVSA), broadening its involvement in Venezuela’s heavy oil industry and transferring specific gas holdings.
The transaction will increase Chevron’s working interest in the Petroindependencia joint venture (JV) by 13.21 percentage points, resulting in a total share of 49%.

						Combine business intelligence and editorial excellence to reach engaged professionals across 36 leading media platforms.
					

							Find out more 
Furthermore, the Petropiar JV, in which Chevron retains a 30% stake, has received development rights for the adjacent Ayacucho 8 area within the Orinoco Oil Belt.
Through this arrangement, Chevron will transfer its 60% and full ownership interests in the offshore Plataforma Deltana Block 21 and Block 32 gas licences, respectively, to Venezuelan entities.
Chevron will also divest its 25.2% non-operated stake in the Petroindependiente JV in the western part of the country.
Chevron base assets and emerging countries president Javier La Rosa said: “This agreement expands Chevron’s heavy oil position in two key JVs in Venezuela and reflects our disciplined development of the country’s significant resources.
“Ayacucho 8 is a producing asset in close proximity to Petropiar, which enhances development efficiencies. This asset swap marks another important step in Chevron’s long history in Venezuela and reinforces our role in supporting regional energy security.”
Chevron has operated in Venezuela since 1923, making it one of the leading energy companies present in the country.
The company’s JV projects, Petroindependencia and Petropiar, are focused on extra-heavy oil production in the Orinoco Oil Belt.
In Latin America, Chevron maintains a broad operational portfolio, with activity in conventional, shale and offshore oil and gas production in Argentina, Guyana and Venezuela, supported by both operated and non-operated assets.
Chevron also holds around 35 active exploration blocks in Brazil, Suriname, Uruguay and Peru.
PDVSA, headquartered in Caracas, manages the country’s oil and gas activities, overseeing upstream and downstream operations.
The company supplies crude oil and refined petroleum products within Venezuela under the PDV brand and in the eastern and mid-western US through the Cities Service Oil Company brand.
Earlier this month, Chevron made an oil discovery at the Bandit prospect, located around 125 miles south of the Louisiana coast in the Gulf of Mexico.


                Experience unmatched clarity with a single platform that combines unique data, AI, and human expertise.
            


                    Find out more
                    








Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights.
Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. 












                                                                                                                        Offshore Technology Focus : Offshore Technology Focus (monthly)                                                                                                                        








                                                                                                                                Thematic Take (monthly)                                                                                                                        







Visit our Privacy Policy for more information about our services, how we may use, process and share your personal data, including information on your rights in respect of your personal data and how you can unsubscribe from future marketing communications. Our services are intended for corporate subscribers and you warrant that the email address submitted is your corporate email address. 


View all newsletters from across the GlobalData Media network.

		Oil and gas news, data and in-depth articles on offshore projects, exploration and decommissioning and the trends driving technology and innovation

				Powered by
				

© GlobalData Plc 2026
网站运行离不开这些 Cookie 且您不能在系统中将其关闭。通常仅根据您所做出的操作（即服务请求）来设置这些 Cookie，如设置隐私偏好、登录或填充表格。您可以将您的浏览器设置为阻止或向您提示这些 Cookie，但可能会导致某些网站功能无法工作。
这些 Cookie 允许提供增强功能和个性化内容，如视频和实时聊天。我们或我们已将其服务添加至我们页面上的第三方提供者可以进行设置。如果您不允许使用这些 Cookie，则可能无法实现部分或全部功能的正常工作。
这些 Cookie 由广告合作伙伴通过我们的网站进行设置。这些公司可能利用 Cookie 构建您的兴趣分布图并向您展示其他网站上的相关广告。它们只需识别您的浏览器和设备便可发挥作用。如果您不允许使用这些 Cookie，您将不能体验不同网站上的定向广告。
使用 Cookie，我们可以计算访问量和流量来源，以便衡量和提高我们网站的性能。Cookie 有助于我们了解哪些页面最受欢迎、哪些最不受欢迎，并查看访问者如何浏览网站。这些 Cookie 收集的所有信息都聚合在一起，因此是匿名处理方式。如果您不允许使用这些 Cookie，我们将不知道您何时访问了我们的网站。

