Title:   Chevron Expects Higher Q1 Profits Amid the Middle East Conflict
Date:    2026-04-14
URL:     https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/energy/articles/chevron-expects-higher-q1-profits-020736387.html?.tsrc=rss
--Article Content--
Oops, something went wrong
Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) is included among the15 Best Blue Chip Stocks to Buy Now.
Photo byLuis RamirezonUnsplash
Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) manufactures and sells a range of high-quality refined products, including gasoline, diesel, marine and aviation fuels, premium base oil, finished lubricants, and fuel oil additives.
Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) revealed on April 9 that it expects its Q1 upstream earnings to grow by $1.6 billion and $2.2 billion ​from the previous quarter, driven by the soaring oil prices amid the US-Iran war. The conflict has choked around a fifth of the global crude oil supply, leading to an over 65% jump in prices since the beginning of the year.
That said, Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) expects the timing ​effects ⁠tied to hedging and accounting to cut its earnings and operating cash flow, excluding working capital, by $2.7 billion to $3.7 billion ​after tax. However, the company expects this impact to reverse in the future.
Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) also sees its Q1 2026 output to fall by as much as 6% compared to the previous quarter, driven mainly by the downtime at Kazakhstan’s Tengizchevroil project, as well as disruptions in the Middle East. The company expects its net production to average ​3.8 million to ⁠3.9 million boe/day in the first quarter, down from 4.05M boe/day it delivered in Q4 2025.
With a robust annual dividend yield of 3.78%, Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) was recently included in our list of the15 Best High Yield Energy Stocks to Buy Right Now.
While we acknowledge the potential of CVX as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on thebest short-term AI stock.
READ NEXT:15 Best American Energy Stocks to Buy According to Wall Street Analystsand15 Best S&P 500 Stocks to Buy Right Now
Disclosure: None.Follow Insider Monkey on Google News.