Title: Delta knows people will simply grit their teeth and pay more
Date: 2026-04-09 11:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/delta-knows-people-will-simply-grit-their-teeth-and-pay-more-100047507.html?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian.
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
Nike set the stage for a turnaround, but global events keep getting in its way
This is The Takeaway from today's Morning Brief, which you cansign upto receive in your inbox every morning along with:
What we're watching
What we're reading
Economic data releases and earnings
Delta's play for premium seating has proven so successful that it's leading the industry in profits, taking a key trait of the country's K-shaped economy and fashioning it into a business model.
But as the company's earnings report revealed on Wednesday, executives are feeling optimistic about every class. Did somebody say main cabin growth?
For the first time in more than a year, Deltarecorded positive unit revenue growthin the main economy cabin. Sure, premium tickets, corporate trips, and loyalty rewards are driving most of the expansion. Buteven as airlines have jacked up fares and upped the baggage up-chargingto offset rising fuel costs tied to the Iran war, CEO Ed Bastian said there's "broad strength across customer segments, geographies, and products."
It's not the most compelling sales pitch to say customers in an industry will grit their teeth and pay more for the same service.
But similar to the K-shaped economy, that may be a defining quality of this economic moment. And just as airlines sit at an important nexus of haves and have-nots, of affluence and price-sensitivity, carriers like Delta know that given limited consumer choice and inflation's omnipresence, it's hard for passengers to say no.
Delta's strength is even more remarkable because, putting aside the oil shock, airlines were already caught up in a miserable moment featuring a Washington funding battle that left TSA agents without pay for weeks,resulting in enormous security lines at airports, canceled flights, and customers avoiding air travelto get to their destinations.
Delta did not disclose the financial impact of the TSA disruptions. But whatever business travel slowed during the funding chaos has since been reversed, the company said. And it might get better: Recent corporate survey results cited by Delta show that 85% of respondents expect their corporate travel spend will increase or stay the same in the June quarter.
But what about the rising cost of fuel?
It's hard to know what the ceasefire will actually accomplish and when oil flows will return to pre-conflict levels.
"We woke up this morning with a very different set of fuel assumptions than we had when we went to bed," Bastian said on the earnings call Wednesday, referring to the US-Iran ceasefire. "Until we have better sense of structure of where oil lands, which we do think is higher for longer, we'll be in a better position to guide."
At least Delta has its own jet fuel refinery. The company's 2012 vertical integration bet is paying off big 14 years later.
But for all the uncertainty, it's a feature of the airline industry that many customers are still willing to pay to fly. For now, at least.
And as other airlines and companies report, one thing that will be on our minds (and the Fed's) is whether this willingness to wince and pay more extends to the entire airline sector — or even beyond.
Hamza Shaban is a reporter for Yahoo Finance covering markets and the economy. Follow Hamza on X@hshaban.
Click here for in-depth analysis of the latest stock market news and events moving stock prices
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio