Title
Here's What to Expect From Caterpillar’s Next Earnings Report

Date
2026-04-08 09:16

URL
https://www.barchart.com/story/news/1192640/here-s-what-to-expect-from-caterpillars-next-earnings-report?.tsrc=rss

Content
All information and data in this article is solely for informational purposes. For more information please view the Barchart Disclosure Policyhere
Share
Texas-based Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) is a top global industrial firm specializing in construction and mining equipment, diesel and natural-gas engines, industrial gas turbines, and related services. Caterpillar’s scale and market presence are reflected in amarket cap of around $335.6 billion.
This industrial behemoth is expected to announce its FY2026 Q1 earnings soon. Ahead of this event, analysts expect the company to reporta profit of $4.49 per share, up 5.7% from $4.25 per share in the year-ago quarter. The company has missed Wall Street’s bottom-line estimates in two of the past four quarters, while surpassing on two other occasions.
For fiscal 2026, analysts expect CAT to report EPS of $22.73, up 19.3% from$19.06 in fiscal 2025. Moreover, in FY2027, the company’s EPS is expected to grow 22% annually to $27.73.
CAT stock hasgained 158.7% over the past 52 weeks, significantly outperforming the State Street Industrial Select Sector SPDR Fund’s (XLI)39.9% surgeand the S&P 500 Index’s ($SPX)30.7% uptickduring the same time frame.
On March 31, Caterpillarsurged more than 6%, leading gains in the Dow Jones Industrials after Barclays plc (BCS) boosted its price target to $700 from $625. The upgrade signaled growing confidence in Caterpillar’s earnings power and demand outlook, particularly across construction, mining, and infrastructure cycles.
Wall Street analysts are moderately bullish about CAT’s stock, with a “Moderate Buy” rating overall. Among 24 analysts covering the stock, 13 recommend “Strong Buy,” ten suggest a “Hold,” and one advises a “Moderate Sell” rating. Its mean average price target of $743.14 implies an upswing potential of 2.6% from the current market prices.
Stocks:1520minute delay (Cboe BZX is real-time), ET. Volume reflects consolidated markets. Futures and Forex: 10 or 15 minute delay, CT.Market Datapowered by Barchart Solutions. Fundamental data provided by Zacks andMorningstar.
© 2026 Barchart.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
The content we make available on this website [and through our other channels] (the “Service”) was created, developed, compiled, prepared, revised, selected, and/or arranged by us, using our own methods and judgment, and through the expenditure of substantial time and effort. This Service and the content we make available are proprietary, and are protected by these Terms of Service (which is a contract between us and you), copyright laws, and other intellectual property laws and treaties. This Service is also protected as a collective work or compilation under U.S. copyright and other laws and treaties. We provide it for your personal, non-commercial use only.
You may not use, and may not authorize any third party to use, this Service or any content we make available on this Service in any manner that (i) is a source of or substitute for the Service or the content; (ii) affects our ability to earn money in connection with the Service or the content; or (iii) competes with the Service we provide. These restrictions apply to any robot, spider, scraper, web crawler, or other automated means or any similar manual process, or any software used to access the Service. You further agree not to violate the restrictions in any robot exclusion headers of this Service, if any, or bypass or circumvent other measures employed to prevent or limit access to the Service by automated means.
