Title: Here is Why Alphabet (GOOGL) Is Among the Most Promising AI Stocks to Invest In
Date: 2026-05-04 19:10
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/why-alphabet-googl-among-most-191029386.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is one of the Most Promising AI Stocks to Invest In. On April 30, Needham analyst Laura Martin lifted its price objective on the company’s stock to $450 from $400, and kept a “Buy” rating on the shares. The firm noted Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL)’s comment about utilizing the AI Answers to collapse the purchase funnel. Notably, the company is targeting to capture the entire customer journey via AI Answers and AI Mode, right from discovery to purchase.
AI Mode helps users in reviewing product recommendations, comparing options, and completing fast payment. As per the firm, this vision directly targets the e-commerce business of Amazon. If successful, Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL)’s revenues can ramp up because of faster advertising revenue growth. Notably, Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL)’s ads will capture discovery, consideration, and purchase stages. Needham also highlighted the revenue shares from actual product sales as the potential growth driver.
Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is a holding company that operates Google services such as search engines, ad platforms, Internet browsers, devices, mapping software, app stores, video streaming, and more. The company also offers cloud infrastructure and platform services, collaboration tools, and other services for enterprise customers, as well as healthcare-related services and internet services.
While we acknowledge the potential of GOOGL as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock.
READ NEXT: 10 Best FMCG Stocks to Invest In According to Analysts and 11 Best Long-Term Tech Stocks to Buy According to Analysts.
Disclosure: None. Follow Insider Monkey on Google News.
