Title:   The 1 Tech Stock I'd Leave to My Kids if I Could Only Choose One
Date:    2026-05-05 16-35
URL:     https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/05/05/1-tech-stock-id-leave-to-my-kids-if-i-could-only/?.tsrc=rss
Content: It has over five decades of experience under its belt and plenty of momentum. One of the best things about investing is that you can pass your stocks on to your kids after you pass away and put them ahead financially. It's the gift that keeps on giving as the investments (ideally) continue to grow over time. For that to happen, though, it helps to make sure you're leaving your kids' shares in blue-chip companies that have stood the test of time and will likely continue to do so. In the tech world, that's not always easy to find because companies come and go as technology evolves. One clear exception, though, is Microsoft (MSFT 1.00%). If I could choose one tech stock to leave to my kids, it would be this one. Image source: The Motley Fool. Microsoft is one of the oldest tech companies in the world, having been around since 1975. It hasn't had this longevity by focusing on one area, either. It has grown to arguably the most diversified tech company in the world over the past five decades. It has an operating system (Windows), software (Microsoft 365), a cloud platform (Azure), hardware (PCs, tablets, etc.), gaming (Xbox), and social media (LinkedIn). This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason. It's important to note that most of the customers fueling Microsoft's business are other businesses. It's the world's No. 1 enterprise software provider, creating an ecosystem in which companies rely heavily on Microsoft for their daily operations. My confidence in Microsoft's ability to sustain its success also lies in its rock-solid financials and balance sheet. One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size. We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name.  The $82.9 billion it made in its most recent quarter (ended March 31) is more than Broadcom, Lenovo, and International Business Machines have each made in their four previous quarters combined. You never have to question Microsoft's ability to make money. And as long as it can do that, it can weather storms or competitively pursue new technologies (like it's currently doing with artificial intelligence). Its $78.3 billion in cash on hand also provides a nice safety net if or when the company or economy hits a rough patch or an unforeseen situation occurs. If we're talking about passing on stocks to the next generation, we can't forget the secret sauce: dividends. They compound your returns faster and can produce reliable passive income. Microsoft isn't thought of as a dividend stock (it has only averaged a 0.8% yield over the past five years), but its growth rate is the strong point. It has increased its annual dividend for 21 consecutive years, including by 152% over the past decade. Although far from high-yielding, Microsoft's dividend is as stable as they come, using only around 21% of its earnings on payouts. It's well on its way to becoming a Dividend King (a company with 50 consecutive years of increases) and can be a staple for your kids. Blue chip, a healthy balance sheet, and income-producing are the trifecta you want when you're looking for stocks that can thrive generationally.      Before you buy stock in Microsoft, consider this: The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Microsoft wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $490,864!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,216,789!* Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 963% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 201% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors. See the 10 stocks › *Stock Advisor returns as of May 5, 2026.   Stefon Walters has positions in Microsoft. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Broadcom, International Business Machines, and Microsoft. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 18 Nvidias. What in the world could be worth 18 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited. Continue ›  *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason. Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services. Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. © 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io. About The Motley Fool Our Services Around the Globe Free Tools Affiliates & Friends
