Title: Elon Musk's years-long legal battle with OpenAI and Sam Altman will finally head to trial on Monday
Date: 2026-04-26 13:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/technology/article/elon-musks-years-long-legal-battle-with-openai-and-sam-altman-will-finally-head-to-trial-on-monday-130000137.html?.tsrc=rss

Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home.
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker.
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude.
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
The years-long legal battle between Elon Musk and OpenAI ( OPAI.PVT ) finally goes to court on Monday.
Jury selection in the lawsuit kicks off Monday in the US District Court for the Northern District of California, with opening arguments expected to begin Tuesday.
The witness list for both sides is a who’s who of tech heavyweights, including Musk, OpenAI CEO Sam Altman, and Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella. Depending on how the plaintiffs decide, Musk could take the witness stand as early as Tuesday.
What potential remedies could the court impose?
How could this lawsuit impact OpenAI's IPO plans?
What are Musk's main accusations against OpenAI?
What is OpenAI's defense against Musk's claims?
The outcome of the case could have a significant impact on the AI industry and, if it goes Musk’s way, could derail OpenAI’s future IPO plans.
In his suit, Musk accuses Altman, OpenAI president Greg Brockman, and others of misleading him about the company’s plans to transition from a nonprofit to a for-profit business. Microsoft ( MSFT ), which has invested billions in OpenAI, is also named as a defendant in the case.
Turning OpenAI into a for-profit entity would allow it to issue shares in the business, enabling it to raise billions more in external funding that it could then use to purchase the computing power needed to develop and run increasingly powerful AI models.
Musk, who co-founded OpenAI in 2015 alongside Altman and Brockman, claims he donated more than $44 million to the company in its early years with the understanding that it would remain a nonprofit entity and says Altman and Brockman duped him when they moved to transition to a for-profit structure .
OpenAI has countered Musk’s claims, saying he was on board with the for-profit move but wanted to merge OpenAI with Tesla ( TSLA ) and become CEO. When Altman and Brockman balked at the suggestion, the company claims Musk decided to cut ties and form his own competing AI lab. Musk’s company, SpaceX ( SPAX.PVT ), recently acquired xAI in a deal ahead of its IPO.
OpenAI transitioned to a public benefit corporation (PBC) in October 2025. Microsoft, which Musk also names in his suit, received a 27% stake in the PBC , while OpenAI’s nonprofit arm, the OpenAI Foundation, received a stake valued at $130 billion. OpenAI’s most recent fundraising round valued the company at $85 2 billion .
The case is expected to run through mid-May. The jury’s verdict in the case will be advisory, leaving the ultimate decision up to US District Judge Yvonne Gonzalez Rogers.
If the defendants are found liable, Rogers will be tasked with ruling on potential remedies, which could include forcing OpenAI to roll back its for-profit transition.
The acrimonious relationship between Altman and Musk has frequently spilled into public view. Musk has repeatedly taken shots at the OpenAI CEO on his social platform X and offered to purchase OpenAI in February 2025 for $97.4 billion .
Altman rejected the overture, countering that he would instead buy X (then Twitter) for $9.74 billion.
Email Daniel Howley at dhowley@yahoofinance.com. Follow him on X at @DanielHowley .
Click here for the latest technology news that will impact the stock market
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance