Title: Delta CEO: Premium customers ‘immune’ to disruption
Date: 2026-04-09 07:00
URL: https://www.customerexperiencedive.com/news/delta-ceo-premium-customers-immune-economic-disruption/817009/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
  

                
                    
                        Let CX Dive’s free newsletter keep you informed, straight from your inbox.
                    
                
            

Despite economic volatility, wealthier customers continue to travel and seek elevated experiences.
When tariff-related anxiety threatened a consumer pullback in air travel last year, then Delta President Glen Hauenstein said it could rely on premium and loyalty to weather the storm. 
Hauenstein turned out to be right. While main cabin revenue for 2025 declined, premium revenue held steady — and in fact grew.
Now, as oil prices rise with war between the United States, Israel and Iran and threaten more disruption for airlines, Delta is again confident that premium spending will continue to hold steady.
“I think the higher end consumer, the premium consumer, is candidly immune, or becoming more immune, to the headlines and not delaying their investment in the experience economy,” CEO Ed Bastian said on the earnings call. 
“A year ago, at this time, I think people, and not just people, individual, importantly, corporates were stalled, were a bit frozen by the dramatic nature of the tariff uncertainty, and we hear about tariffs now every day, and sometimes they go up, sometimes they go down, but it’s not affecting individuals lives in a meaningful way,” Bastian said. “As difficult as it is to see what’s going on with the conflict in the Middle East, I’m not sure that our premium customers are feeling affected by that.”
To meet premium demand, the airline has reconfigured its aircraft. Its aircraft now feature closer to 50% premium seating, and its retiring aircraft that hold only 30% premium seating, according to Daniel Janki, EVP and COO. 
Delta is also looking to further segment its premium options. 
“We’re well on our journey, and we’re on target for where we want to be by the end of the year with the premium segmentation,” Esposito said. “For us, we’re full speed ahead on that, and we like what we see so far in the segmentation. So you can expect more for us in the next couple of quarters.”
Last week, Delta announced its partnership with Amazon Leo to bring satellite connectivity to its aircraft. Fast, free Wi-Fi is already available to loyalty members on 1,200 aircraft, Bastian said. The airline will continue to build Delta Sync, its onboard digital engagement platform that features brands like The New York Times and YouTube, and it expects 110 million customer logins.
Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts
“If people feel like the price is based on ‘who I am’ instead of what the product actually costs, that feels really icky,” Experience Investigator’s Jeannie Walters said.
“If AI can do customer service, it means it’s going to be the cheap customer service,” Klarna CEO Sebastian Siemiatkowski said. “We said the future of VIP experience will be the human connection, the relationship.”
Subscribe to CX Dive for top news, trends & analysis
Sign up for the free  newsletter. 

                Interested? Explore more of what  has to offer.
            

            Thanks for signing up!
            Please keep an eye out for a confirmation email from
            newsletter@ittnewsletter.com
            To ensure we make it into your inbox regularly,
            add us to your allow list, mark us as a safe sender, or add us to your address book.
            Check out more from
            

Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts
Want to share a company announcement with your peers?


                                
                                    Share your announcement
                                
                                ➔


“If people feel like the price is based on ‘who I am’ instead of what the product actually costs, that feels really icky,” Experience Investigator’s Jeannie Walters said.
“If AI can do customer service, it means it’s going to be the cheap customer service,” Klarna CEO Sebastian Siemiatkowski said. “We said the future of VIP experience will be the human connection, the relationship.”
The free newsletter covering the top industry headlines
