Title: China Hit Brakes on Fiscal Stimulus as Economy Holds Up Amid War
Date: 2026-04-25 02:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/china-hit-brakes-fiscal-stimulus-020000722.html?.tsrc=rss

(Bloomberg) -- China pulled back on fiscal spending in March as the economy rebounded at the start of the year despite disruptions caused by the war in Iran. Most Read from Bloomberg The Billion-Barrel Hormuz Oil Shock Is About to Crash Demand Gunman Detained, Trump Evacuated After Shooting at Press Dinner Trump Scraps US Trip for Iran Talks, Leaving Ceasefire in Limbo Google Plans to Invest Up to $40 Billion in Anthropic The Hottest Phone for Kids Right Now Is a $100 Landline A broad measure of public expenditure fell 2.5% last month from a year earlier, its biggest decline since October, according to Bloomberg calculations based on Ministry of Finance data released Friday. By contrast, broad fiscal revenue climbed 3.4%, the most since July, leaving a deficit of over 1.5 trillion yuan ($230 billion). The world’s second-biggest economy saw growth pick up more than expected in the first quarter, in a turnaround from the end of last year as manufacturing powered ahead. The conflict in the Middle East has yet to pose a major threat to China, thanks in part to the country’s past moves to beef up energy security. The surprise upswing in growth may have reduced the need for fiscal stimulus beyond what’s planned in the budget for this year. Policymakers are also careful in extending support because of mounting debt concerns and shrinking government income. And there’s less urgency for Beijing after it lowered its annual growth target to 4.5%-5% this year — the least ambitious goal since 1991. “The priority is to fully implement the policies already in place,” Yang Zhiyong, director of the government-backed Chinese Academy of Fiscal Sciences, told Bloomberg. Infrastructure-related expenditure under China’s main budget dropped 8.5% in March from a year earlier after increasing in the previous month, according to Bloomberg calculations. The pullback was more significant than the slowdown in infrastructure investment growth, according to Goldman Sachs Group Inc. economists including Lisheng Wang. That implies “some off-budget government financing channels may have provided a support,” they wrote in a note after the data release. China kept the 2026 government bond quota little changed from last year, as Beijing tries to contain local debt risks after a long borrowing binge. Meanwhile, it raised the amount of new policy financing tools, a quasi-fiscal instrument, by 60% to 800 billion yuan this year to help drive investment. Constrained by narrowing fiscal space, policymakers are also experimenting with ways to amplify the reach of government expenditure on economic activity. This year, they announced measures to fund financial tools such as loan guarantees and an interest subsidy with public money, in an attempt to encourage business investment and consumer spending.