Title:   Jim Cramer Still Likes Goldman Sachs (GS) Despite Revenues Miss
Date:    2026-04-14
URL:     https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/jim-cramer-still-likes-goldman-175831453.html?.tsrc=rss
--Article Content--
Oops, something went wrong
The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (NYSE:GS) is one ofJim Cramer's Top Iran War Stocks Revealed in This List of 10 Stocks. Investment banking giant The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (NYSE:GS)’s shares are down by 4.2% year-to-date. The shares were down by 3.5% midday during trading on Monday. The same day, the bank reported its earnings for the first fiscal quarter. The results saw The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (NYSE:GS) post $17 billion in net revenue and $17.55 in earnings per share. Cramer had discussed the bank on his Mad Money appearance on April 8th and outlined that there were “multiple reasons” to own the stock. On March 10th, banking giant JPMorgan also discussed The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (NYSE:GS)’s shares. It raised the share price target to $826 to from $815 and kept a Neutral rating on the stock. UBS had raised the target to $990 from $970 on February 4th and maintained a Neutral rating as it discussed The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (NYSE:GS)’s market presence and earnings power. Cramer discussed the bank in a tweet after its earnings:
Copyright:stokkete / 123RF Stock Photo
“GS– misses on revs but estimates had gotten too high. Still excellent return on equity. Smoother eps. Club position trimmed last week but we still like”
While we acknowledge the potential of GS as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on thebest short-term AI stock.
READ NEXT:33 Stocks That Should Double in 3 YearsandCathie Wood 2026 Portfolio: 10 Best Stocks to Buy.
Disclosure: None.Follow Insider Monkey on Google News.