Title:   Nvidia and ServiceNow team up on OpenClaw-style AI agent
Date:    2026-05-05 17-00
URL:     https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/technology/article/nvidia-and-servicenow-team-up-on-openclaw-style-ai-agent-170000890.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap. Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin) Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know. Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week. April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation. Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower' The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it) Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience' Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press) Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war. If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans. The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020 The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year. Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed Powell holds what is expected to be his final press conference as chair after the Fed keeps rates steady Fed holds interest rates steady with no end to Iran war in sight Elon Musk testified again in the OpenAI trial, describing his behavior at the company and its nonprofit 'halo' A Senate committee confirmed Kevin Warsh, sending his nomination to be chairman of the Fed to the full Senate Stocks slipped at the open as investors awaited a Fed decision and Big Tech earnings The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1 The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings. The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs. Nvidia (NVDA) and ServiceNow (NOW) are joining together to launch ServiceNow’s new Project Arc, an enterprise AI agent similar to the popular OpenClaw platform that lives on users’ desktops rather than in the cloud. Desktop-based AI agents benefit from having access to all of the content on a user’s machine without having to access the web. OpenClaw, which launched in November, helped popularize the format and quickly gained traction around the globe. What safety features does Nvidia's OpenShell provide? How does Project Arc differ from OpenClaw platform? Why are companies concerned about employee AI usage? What security risks do desktop AI agents pose? Now that so many people use desktop-based agents, companies have to decide whether they want to allow their employees access to the technology or cut them off entirely. That’s because while desktop agents can prove incredibly helpful and efficient, they also carry the risk of accidentally uploading proprietary content to the web or taking actions on their own that could delete huge amounts of data. That’s where ServiceNow says Project Arc comes in. “We went and built our own AI agent for the desktop that can write code that can run these long-running processes in the background, but we needed a way to secure that,” explained Jon Sigler, executive vice president and general manager for AI Platform at ServiceNow. “And in comes Nvidia … they have something called OpenShell, and that allowed us to run our agent in their sandbox, preventing it from doing things that it shouldn't be doing.” Nvidia’s OpenShell is a sandboxed platform that lets users run agents like Project Arc without fearing that they’ll take actions that could impact your computer. “We're talking about … a safe runtime that can run any agent. It can run Claude Codex, it can run OpenClaw, it can run any of the agent families,” Justin Boitano, vice president of enterprise AI platforms at Nvidia, explained. According to Sigler, Project Arc also takes advantage of ServiceNow’s AI Control Tower platform, which monitors actions agents take and tracks their overall behavior and files they read, as well as commands they execute. The idea is to allow users to run Project Arc knowing that it is largely controlled across their various computers. Project Arc also connects to ServiceNow’s Action Fabric software, giving it information about your company’s workflows, systems, and more, ensuring agents abide by an enterprise’s existing operating procedures. Systems like Project Arc and Nvidia’s OpenShell are becoming increasingly important as more companies test and adopt desktop-based AI agents. Boitano said security teams refer to agents without security safeguards as a “lethal trifecta,” owing to the fact that they have access to private data, can be exposed to untrusted content, and be prompted to communicate with the world outside of a desktop system. “You don't want all three of those things to happen simultaneously, and so that's why you need the policy controls to ensure that you don't accidentally, let's say, leak proprietary data,” he explained. That’s not just some hypothetical situation, either. Users running OpenClaw, for example, have already run into some issues with the bot. In February, a safety and alignment worker at Meta Superintelligence detailed in a post on X how OpenClaw began bulk-deleting her email even after she told it not to take any actions without her express permission. Email Daniel Howley at dhowley@yahoofinance.com. Follow him on X at @DanielHowley. Click here for the latest technology news that will impact the stock market Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance Weʼre unable to load stories right now. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
