Title:   1 Update Amazon CEO Andy Jassy Just Said That Every Artificial Intelligence (AI) Investor Should Hear
Date:    2026-05-05 16-25
URL:     https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/05/05/1-update-amazon-ceo-andy-jassy-just-said-that-ever/?.tsrc=rss
Content: And if you're not an AI investor, you may want to reconsider. Amazon (AMZN +0.16%) just gave investors the fantastic update they've been waiting for, and the market finally gave it some love. The update, which included a 17% year-over-year increase in sales and a 30% increase in operating income, was certainly a boon for Amazon stock, which jumped after the report. But there was important news in there that every artificial intelligence (AI) investor should pay attention to. Amazon stunned the markets a few months ago when it laid out its planned 2026 capital expenditure (capex) for 2026 at $200 billion. That's more than most companies even generate in revenue in one year. CEO Andy Jassy tried to appeal to investors' logic, explaining why the investment was essential to set the groundwork for the next phase of AI expansion. The market wasn't exactly thrilled at the time, but it's been coming around as the company monetizes its spend, and there's been more and more progress in useful AI. Image source: Amazon. Amazon Web Services (AWS), the company's cloud business, is still the largest cloud company in the world. Growth continues to accelerate, up 28% year over year in the first quarter. That's especially significant because it's already so big, and the implication is that AI is doing a lot of the heavy lifting. Developers engage with AI through AWS and its many features and services, including its signature Bedrock platform. There were many positive updates specifically about the AI business in the first quarter. Amazon added or expanded deals with OpenAI, Anthropic, Meta Platforms, Nvidia, and Uber in the quarter, in addition to many more clients. This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason. To meet soaring demand, Amazon is spending at a high rate. This is what Jassy said: "AWS is to lay out cash for land, power, buildings, chips, servers, and networking gear in advance of when we can monetize it, typically six to 24 months before we start billing customers, depending on the component." While companies like Amazon and Nvidia still have a long growth runway, many investors are seeing the potential of investing in the companies on the receiving end of hyperscaler spending that provide the land, power, buildings, and more. They may have even more long-term potential because they're small outfits today. While some of the suppliers, like Nvdia and Broadcom, are already AI powerhouses, companies like Bloom Energy, X-Energy, and Sandisk provide the essential components for AI hyperscalers to develop their platforms. One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size. We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name.  Consider how Sandisk, Bloom Energy, and others, like Lumentum, CoreWeave, and Applied Digital, have soared over the past year:  BE data by YCharts Their growth is far from over, as Amazon and its peers continue to invest. This is great news for AI investors, and if you haven't jumped on the bandwagon yet, there's still time. You don't need to view AI stocks as risky plays; you can invest in solid and stable companies like Amazon and still benefit from AI's skyrocketing growth. Nvidia’s CEO just revealed that one breakthrough could create more millionaires in the next five years than the internet did in two decades. Amazon’s Jeff Bezos says it is “hard to overstate the impact.” And Cathie Wood projects AI could be an $80 trillion opportunity by 2030. That is the equivalent of 18 Nvidias, 29 Microsofts, or 35 Amazons. But here’s what most investors miss: almost all that growth runs through a single choke point. One little-known company, called an “Indispensable Monopoly,” provides the critical technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size. We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name. Continue › Jennifer Saibil has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Amazon, Bloom Energy, Broadcom, Lumentum, Meta Platforms, Nvidia, and Uber Technologies. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 18 Nvidias. What in the world could be worth 18 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited. Continue ›  *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason. Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services. Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. © 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io. About The Motley Fool Our Services Around the Globe Free Tools Affiliates & Friends
