Title: Best CD rates today, May 4, 2026 (Lock in up to 4.1% APY)
Date: 2026-05-04 10:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/personal-finance/banking/article/best-cd-rates-today-monday-may-4-2026-100000428.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: Some offers on this page are from advertisers who pay us, which may affect which products we write about, but not our recommendations. See our Advertiser Disclosure.
Today’s CD rates still hover well above the national average. The Federal Reserve reduced its target interest rate three times in 2025 and has left rates alone in 2026. This has had a ripple effect on deposit account rates, making now a great opportunity to lock in today's high rates with a certificate of deposit (CD). Here’s a look at today’s best CD rates and where you can find the best offers.
Today, the highest CD rate is 4.1% APY. This rate is offered by United Fidelity Bank on its 2-year CD.
Here is a look at some of the best CD rates available today from our verified partners.
If you're considering a CD, these rates are some of the highest available, especially when compared to the national average rates, which are significantly lower. It's also worth noting that online banks and credit unions generally offer more competitive rates compared to traditional brick-and-mortar banks​.
Read more: What is a good CD rate?
Here’s a look at the average CD rate by term as of April 2026 (the most recent data available from the FDIC):
The highest national average interest rate for CDs stands at 1.53% for a 1-year term. However, in general, today’s average CD rates represent some of the highest seen in nearly two decades, largely due to the Federal Reserve's efforts to combat inflation by keeping interest rates elevated.
If you’re thinking about opening a CD, it’s important to choose one with a high APY and term length that matches your financial goals. Here are some tips for finding the best CD rates and accounts that match your needs:
Shop around: It’s a good idea to evaluate CD rates from a variety of financial institutions and compare your options before settling on an account. You can easily compare CD rates online.
Consider online banks: Online banks tend to have lower overhead costs, which allows them to offer higher interest rates on CDs. In fact, online banks often have the most competitive rates available.
Check minimum deposit requirements: Higher CD rates might come with higher minimum deposit requirements, so make sure the amount you plan to deposit aligns with the requirements to get the best rate.
Review account terms and conditions: Beyond the CD’s rate, look at terms for early withdrawal penalties and auto-renewal policies. Some CDs offer better terms for flexibility, such as no-penalty CDs, which allow you to withdraw your funds without a fee before the maturity date.
We identified the best CD rates and accounts available today based on interest rates, fees, and more. See our top picks across 6-month, 1-year, 18-month, and 2-year terms.
Are CD rates expected to go up or down next year? Here’s what the experts think about where CD rates are headed in 2026.
Compare today's best 1-year CD rates, see which banks offer the highest yields, and learn how to lock in a guaranteed return on your savings.
A 2-year CD allows you to lock in a guaranteed rate on your savings for the next 24 months. See which banks have the best 2-year CD rates today.
18-month CDs offer a balance of solid returns and flexibility. Find out which banks and credit unions are offering the top 18-month CD rates.
Is a certificate of deposit a good investment right now? That depends on your timeline and goals. Learn more about whether now is a good time to invest in CDs.
