Title: 3 Great Mutual Fund Picks for Your Retirement
Date: 2026-05-04 12:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/3-great-mutual-fund-picks-120002763.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
It is never too late to invest in mutual funds for retirement. As such, if you plan to invest in some of the best funds, the Zacks Mutual Fund Rank can provide you with valuable guidance.
The easiest, most reliable way to judge a mutual fund's quality over time is by analyzing its performance, diversification, and fees. The Zacks Mutual Fund Rank, which covers over 19,000 mutual funds, has helped us identify three outstanding options that are perfect for any long-term investors' portfolios that is retirement-focused.
Let's learn about some of Zacks' highest ranked mutual funds with low fees you may want to consider.
Goldman Sachs Intl T/M Eq P (GGCPX): 0.89% expense ratio and 0.85% management fee. GGCPX is a Non US - Equity fund. Many of these funds like to allocate across emerging and developed markets, and will often focus on all cap levels. With annual returns of 11.48% over the last five years, this fund is a winner.
MFS Blended Research Core Equity R3 (MUETX) is a stand out amongst its peers. MUETX is part of the Large Cap Blend section, and these mutual funds most often invest in firms with a market capitalization of $10 billion or more. By investing in bigger companies, these funds offer more stability, and are often well-suited for investors with a "buy and hold" mindset. With five-year annualized performance of 12.27%, expense ratio of 0.74% and management fee of 0.25%, this diversified fund is an attractive buy with a strong history of performance.
PIMCO RAE Fundamental US Small Institutional (PMJIX): 0.51% expense ratio and 0.5% management fee. PMJIX is a Small Cap Value mutual fund option, which typically invest in companies with market caps under $2 billion. The fund is mainly invested in equities, has a long reputation of salutary performance, and has yearly returns of 10.78% over the last five years.
We hope that your investment advisor (if you use one) has you invested in one or all of the top-ranked mutual funds we've reviewed. But if that isn't the case, it might be time to have a conversation or reconsider this vitally important relationship.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Get Your Free (GGCPX): Fund Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
