Title: Is Goldman Sachs ActiveBeta U.S. Small Cap Equity ETF (GSSC) a Strong ETF Right Now_
Date: 2026-05-04 10:20
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/goldman-sachs-activebeta-u-small-102002164.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
Launched on 06/28/2017, the Goldman Sachs ActiveBeta U.S. Small Cap Equity ETF (GSSC) is a smart beta exchange traded fund offering broad exposure to the Style Box - Small Cap Blend category of the market.
For a long time now, the ETF industry has been flooded with products based on market capitalization weighted indexes, which are designed to represent the broader market or a particular market segment.
Because market cap weighted indexes provide a low-cost, convenient, and transparent way of replicating market returns, they work well for investors who believe in market efficiency.
There are some investors, though, who think it's possible to beat the market with great stock selection; this group likely invests in another class of funds known as smart beta, which track non-cap weighted strategies.
This kind of index follows this same mindset, as it attempts to pick stocks that have better chances of risk-return performance; non-cap weighted strategies base selection on certain fundamental characteristics, or a mix of such characteristics.
Methodologies like equal-weighting, one of the simplest options out there, fundamental weighting, and volatility/momentum based weighting are all choices offered to investors in this space, but not all of them can deliver superior returns.
The fund is sponsored by Goldman Sachs Funds. It has amassed assets over $963.3 million, making it one of the average sized ETFs in the Style Box - Small Cap Blend. This particular fund seeks to match the performance of the Goldman Sachs ActiveBeta U.S. Small Cap Equity Index before fees and expenses.
The Goldman Sachs ActiveBeta U.S. Small Cap Equity Index is designed to deliver exposure to equity securities of small capitalization U.S. issuers.
When considering an ETF's total return, expense ratios are an important factor. And, cheaper funds can significantly outperform their more expensive cousins in the long term if all other factors remain equal.
Operating expenses on an annual basis are 0.20% for this ETF, which makes it on par with most peer products in the space.
The fund has a 12-month trailing dividend yield of 1.10%.
Most ETFs are very transparent products, and disclose their holdings on a daily basis. ETFs also offer diversified exposure, which minimizes single stock risk, though it's still important for investors to research a fund's holdings.
This ETF has heaviest allocation in the Industrials sector - about 19.8% of the portfolio. Financials and Healthcare round out the top three.
Looking at individual holdings, Bloom Energy Corp (BE) accounts for about 0.54% of total assets, followed by Cmrc/cme Eminirus2k 6/2026 (RTYM6) and Ies Holdings Inc. (IESC).
Its top 10 holdings account for approximately 3.94% of GSSC's total assets under management.
The ETF return is roughly 10.86% so far this year and was up about 36.45% in the last one year (as of 05/04/2026). In the past 52-week period, it has traded between $62.60 and $83.64
GSSC has a beta of 1.06 and standard deviation of 20.19% for the trailing three-year period. With about 1336 holdings, it effectively diversifies company-specific risk .
Goldman Sachs ActiveBeta U.S. Small Cap Equity ETF is a reasonable option for investors seeking to outperform the Style Box - Small Cap Blend segment of the market. However, there are other ETFs in the space which investors could consider.
iShares Russell 2000 ETF (IWM) tracks Russell 2000 Index and the iShares Core S&P Small-Cap ETF (IJR) tracks S&P SmallCap 600 Index. iShares Russell 2000 ETF has $77.63 billion in assets, iShares Core S&P Small-Cap ETF has $102.68 billion. IWM has an expense ratio of 0.19% and IJR changes 0.06%.
Investors looking for cheaper and lower-risk options should consider traditional market cap weighted ETFs that aim to match the returns of the Style Box - Small Cap Blend
To learn more about this product and other ETFs, screen for products that match your investment objectives and read articles on latest developments in the ETF investing universe, please visit Zacks ETF Center.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Goldman Sachs ActiveBeta U.S. Small Cap Equity ETF (GSSC): ETF Research Reports
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
