Title: Here's How Eli Lilly's Oncology Drugs Are Poised Ahead of Q1 Earnings
Date: 2026-04-23 13:16
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/healthcare/articles/heres-eli-lillys-oncology-drugs-131600533.html?.tsrc=rss

WhileEli LillyLLY is a market leader in the GLP-1 segment, thanks to its tirzepatide medicines Mounjaro (for diabetes) and Zepbound (for obesity), the company also generates a meaningful portion of revenues from its oncology franchise. In 2025, LLY’s oncology sales totaled $9.38 billion, representing year-over-year growth of 7%, and accounted for around 14% of the company’s total revenues. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for Eli Lilly’s overall oncology portfolio sales during the first quarter of 2026 is pegged at $2.15 billion. A significant portion of these revenues is likely to be generated from sales of the company’s blockbuster breast cancer drug, Verzenio. Sales of this drug are expected to have been driven by higher volumes due to increased demand in ex-U.S. markets, partially offset by a decline in sales in the United States. Sales of RET inhibitor Retevmo and the newer lymphoma drug Jaypirca are also expected to have contributed positively to top-line growth during the quarter. However, these gains are likely to have been partially offset by lower sales of older cancer drugs like Alimta and Cyramza, which are being impacted by competition from immuno-oncology agents in the United States. Eli Lilly secured FDA approval for its new breast cancer drug, Inluriyo (imlunestrant), in late 2025 and was subsequently launched in the United States. Investors will look out for the sales numbers for Inluriyo on the first-quarter earnings call. As markets await another strong quarter from Eli Lilly’s GLP-1 portfolio, investors will also keep an eye on the company’s oncology unit, which is showing consistent growth fueled by innovation. This could help reassure investors that Lilly’s earnings trajectory is not solely tied to the obesity segment ahead of the first-quarter results on April 30. Other bigger players in the oncology space includeAstraZenecaAZN,MerckMRK andPfizerPFE. For AstraZeneca, oncology sales now account for nearly 44% of total revenues. Sales in its oncology segment rose 17% in 2025. AstraZeneca’s strong oncology performance was driven by medicines, such as Tagrisso, Lynparza, Imfinzi, Calquence and Enhertu (in partnership with Daiichi Sankyo). Merck’s oncology sales grew more than 9% in 2025, driven by key oncology medicines, such as PD-L1 inhibitor Keytruda and PARP inhibitor Lynparza, which it markets in partnership with AstraZeneca. MRK’s Keytruda, approved for several types of cancer, alone accounted for about 49% of Merck’s total revenues in 2025.