Title: Pfizer Inc. (PFE)_ One of the Best Safe Stocks to Invest in for Beginners
Date: 2026-04-24 14:49
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/pfizer-inc-pfe-one-best-144926973.html?.tsrc=rss

We just covered the15 Safe Stocks to Invest In For Beginnersand Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE) ranks 14th on this list. Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE) is expanding into the cancer treatment market. The $43 billion acquisition of Seagen has begun to pay off, with Pfizer now controlling a dominant share of the Antibody-Drug Conjugate (ADC) market, a category most high profile investors view as the next frontier of high-margin biotech. The firm plans to initiate 20 pivotal studies in 2026, including 10 for the obesity candidates acquired from Metsera and 4 for high-priority oncology assets. For 2026, Pfizer has guided for roughly $5 billion in COVID-related revenue. When excluding COVID products, the core portfolio of the firm grew 6% operationally in late 2025. The cost realignment and operational discipline of Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE) must also be mentioned, two key metrics favored by defensive investors. The firm successfully executed a $4 billion cost-cutting program in 2025 and the smart money is betting that the current management, under increased scrutiny, will prioritize R&D efficiency over the scattered M&A of previous years. From a quantitative perspective, Pfizer is currently one of the cheapest mega-cap pharmaceutical stocks. The stock is trading at roughly 9.3x forward earnings, compared to an industry average of over 18x. With a dividend yield holding steady at around 6.2%, investors are using the stock as an income generator. While we acknowledge the potential of PFE as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on thebest short-term AI stock. READ NEXT:Israel Englander Stock Portfolio: Top 10 Stock PicksandBillionaire Stan Druckenmiller’s 10 Small and Mid-Cap Stock Picks with Huge Upside Potential. Disclosure: None.Follow Insider Monkey on Google News.