Title: Bristol Myers Squibb and Pfizer to Make Eliquis® (apixaban) Available via Mark Cuban Cost Plus Drug 
Date: 2026-04-24 10:59
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/healthcare/articles/bristol-myers-squibb-pfizer-eliquis-105900689.html?.tsrc=rss

Expands Options for Cash-Paying Patients to Access theNation’s #1 Prescribed Oral Blood Thinner PRINCETON, N.J., April 24, 2026--(BUSINESS WIRE)--The Bristol Myers Squibb-Pfizer (BMS NYSE: BMY) — (Pfizer NYSE: PFE) Alliance today announced the launch of a collaboration with Mark Cuban Cost Plus Drug Company (Cost Plus Drugs) to offerEliquis®(apixaban) onCostPlusDrugs.com.Eliquisis one of the most widely prescribed oral anticoagulants in the United States and one of the largest brands in the space to be offered on the site, which allows patients to purchase prescription medicines directly at reduced costs, providing another avenue for patients to access the medication. "The BMS-Pfizer Alliance is pleased to expand our direct-to-patient options for accessingEliquis— a medicine relied upon by millions of Americans daily — to the popular Cost Plus Drugs platform," saidAdam Lenkowsky, chief commercial officer, Bristol Myers Squibb. "This new collaboration is grounded in a shared commitment to transparency and offers another meaningful solution to overcome access barriers, lower costs and broaden the availability of our medicines for the patients who need them." Mark Cuban, co-founder, Cost Plus Drugs said, "We’ve heard from a lot of people asking forEliquison Cost Plus Drugs, and this is about making sure they have a clearer, more direct way to access it. People shouldn’t have to guess what they’re going to pay for a medication they depend on. When you strip away the layers that drive up costs, you give people more control over how they get their prescriptions." Beginning April 27, 2026, Eliquiswill be available on Cost Plus Drugs, and patients with a prescription will pay a total of $345 for a 30-day supply. Teaming up with Cost Plus Drugs provides another option for cash-paying patients to accessEliquisdirectly. This follows the 2025 launch of a direct-to-patient offering through the BMS-Pfizer Alliance’s patient resourceEliquis 360 Support, which is also accessible viaBMS Patient Connect. Eliquisis an important treatment option for patients with atrial fibrillation (AFib), not caused by a heart valve problem, to reduce the risk of stroke and blood clots, as well as to treat blood clots in the veins of the legs (deep vein thrombosis [DVT]) or lungs (pulmonary embolism [PE]), and reduce the risk of them recurring. For every 100,000 patients treated,Eliquishas resulted in an estimated $3 billion in total healthcare cost savings and avoidance, such as hospitalization and extended rehabilitation needs.