Title: Should You Buy, Hold, or Sell BMY Stock Ahead of Q1 Earnings_
Date: 2026-04-24 18:24
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/buy-hold-sell-bmy-stock-182400864.html?.tsrc=rss

Biotech giantBristol-Myers Squibb CompanyBMY is scheduled to report first-quarter 2026 results on April 30, before market open. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for sales and earnings is pegged at $10.94 billion and $1.44 per share, respectively. Earnings estimate for 2026 has increased to $6.28 from $6.26 per share over the past 30 days, while that for 2027 has decreased to $6.07 from $6.09. Image Source: Zacks Investment Research BMY has an excellent track record. Its earnings beat estimates in each of the trailing four quarters, delivering an average surprise of 18.84%. In the previously reported quarter, the company’s earnings beat estimates by 9.57%. Image Source: Zacks Investment Research Per our proven model, the combination of a positive Earnings ESP and a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), 2 (Buy) or 3 (Hold) increases the odds of an earnings beat. Earnings ESP for BMY is -1.02%. The company currently carries a Zacks Rank #3. You can uncover the best stocks to buy or sell before they're reported with our Earnings ESP Filter. BMY’s top line has likely gained from an increase in growth portfolio sales. The growth portfolio primarily comprises sales from drugs like Opdivo, Opdivo Qvantig, Orencia, Yervoy, Reblozyl, Camzyos, Breyanzi, Opdualag, Zeposia, Abecma, Sotyku, Krazati and Cobenfy. Consistent label expansions in newer metastatic and adjuvant indications (MSI-high colorectal cancer and first-line non-small cell lung cancer) have likely maintained momentum for immuno-oncology drug Opdivo in the first quarter. The Zacks Consensus Estimate and our model estimate for Opdivo sales are pegged at $2.2 billion and $2.17 billion, respectively. The approval of Opdivo Qvantig (nivolumab and hyaluronidase-nvhy) injection for subcutaneous use has boosted BMY’s immuno-oncology portfolio. Initial uptake is robust across all approved tumor types in the United States. Opdualag sales remain robust, particularly in the United States, where it continues to serve as a standard of care in first-line melanoma. The Zacks Consensus Estimate and our model estimate for Opdualag sales are pegged at $295 million and $304 million, respectively. The Zacks Consensus Estimate and our model estimate for Orencia sales are pegged at $769 million and $772 million, respectively. The Zacks Consensus Estimate and our model estimate for Yervoy sales are pegged at $658 million and $650 million, respectively. Reblozyl posted solid growth in both the U.S. and international markets in the last reported quarter, driven by strong growth in demand from first- and second-line MDS-associated anemia patients. The same trend has likely continued in the first quarter.