Title: 'A return to optimism': Wall Street strategists are bullish on the AI trade
Date: 2026-04-26 14:30
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/article/a-return-to-optimism-wall-street-strategists-are-bullish-on-the-ai-trade-143000172.html?.tsrc=rss

Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home.
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker.
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude.
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 ( ^GSPC ) and Nasdaq Composite ( ^IXIC ) sit at record highs.
On Friday, Nvidia ( NVDA ) hit a $5 trillion market cap while Intel (INTC) posted its strongest single-day gain since 1987.
The euphoria reflects investors’ growing focus on the infrastructure needed to run agentic AI, in which bots or agents act on behalf of users. Its usage has been skyrocketing, lifting demand for central processing units, or CPUs — like the ones Intel makes.
The PHLX Semiconductor Index ( ^SOX ) on Friday extended its winning streak to 18 consecutive sessions.
“We just had a return to optimism around the AI trade,” Cody Acree, senior semiconductor research analyst at Benchmark, told Yahoo Finance.
He added, “I think the optimism around the demand is correct. The demand, spending, the capex budgets are real.”
Hyperscalers are expected to spend some $650 billiion in AI infrastructure this year , with little visibility into when that pace of investment might begin to slow.
And while semiconductors have historically been a cyclical industry, the speed of the AI boom is making it difficult to pinpoint when the cycle will peak and growth will begin to moderate.
Which stocks benefit most from AI infrastructure investments?
How much will hyperscalers spend on AI infrastructure?
What drove the recent chip stock rally?
Why are CPUs becoming increasingly important for AI?
“We're just at the start of inference. This is something that showed up middle of last year — so early innings,” said Matt Bryson, equity analyst at Wedbush Securities, referring to the stage where a trained AI model applies patterns that predict outcomes or answer a user’s prompt.
Intel’s results also bode well for peer AMD ( AMD ), which reports next month.
“We figured CPUs were the next big bottleneck, but Intel's results indicate that is already translating to very significant upside,” said D.A. Davidson analyst Gil Luria, who upgraded AMD to a Buy on Friday.
Strategists note that every part of the AI infrastructure play has been catching a bid, from processors to connectivity plays — “anybody that is AI levered, that's servicing a bottleneck need, whether it's compute, or memory, or connectivity,” said Benchmark’s Acree, “You could buy a basket of these and all do very well. “
The stock market has looked past uncertainty over the Iran war and persistent $100 oil prices as the focus remains on earnings. Goldman Sachs strategist Ben Snider believes the S&P 500 ( ^GSPC ) will rise to 7,600 by the end of the year.
"The US equity market should continue to make new highs in coming months on the back of continued earnings growth," wrote Snider last week.
The strategist recommends sticking to players that stand to benefit from the AI trade.
"Within the equity market we think investors should tilt portfolios toward secular growth companies with idiosyncratic earnings tailwinds and limited AI disruption risk — such as firms tied to investment in power infrastructure — rather than stocks levered to broad economic growth," he added.
GE Vernova ( GEV ) hit new all-time highs last week following a blockbuster quarter driven by insatiable demand for its gas turbines and electrification services.
Some other stocks on Goldman’s recommendation list include Broadcom ( AVGO ), Nvidia ( NVDA ), AMD ( AMD ), Amazon ( AMZN ), Meta ( META ), and Micron ( MU ).
Ines Ferre is a senior business reporter for Yahoo Finance. Follow her on X at @ines_ferre .
Click here for an in-depth analysis of the latest stock market news and events moving stock prices
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance