Title: 452% Up, Can Nebius Group (NBIS) Keep Climbing?
Date: 2026-04-09 22:47
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/452-nebius-group-nbis-keep-214755878.html?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Nebius Group N.V. (NASDAQ:NBIS) is among themost profitable stocks in each sector so far in 2026.On April 2, Nehal Chokshi, an analyst at Northland, trimmed the price target on Nebius Group N.V. (NASDAQ:NBIS) from $232 to $215 and maintained an Outperform rating. The firm associated this price cut with incremental dilution stemming from convertible debt.
Back on March 24, BofA Securities started coverage on Nebius Group N.V. (NASDAQ:NBIS) with a Buy rating and a $150 price target. The stock’s performance has remained impressive, with a one-year gain of approximately 452%.
Angelo Giampiccolo/Shutterstock.com
On the other hand, BWS Financial’s bullish stance on Nebius Group N.V. (NASDAQ:NBIS) is driven by the Meta contract, valued at $12 billion, with potential for up to an additional $15 billion. Planned for early next year, the project is poised to accelerate future growth, the firm said.
According to BWS Financial, Nebius Group N.V. (NASDAQ:NBIS) is well-positioned to deliver on its growth initiatives to achieve $7 billion to $9 billion in annualized recurring revenue by the end of this year. That said, the firm boosted the price target on the company to $200 from $130 and reiterated a Buy rating.
Nebius Group N.V. (NASDAQ:NBIS) is a Netherlands-based technology company that develops full-stack infrastructure for the global AI market. Founded in 1989, the company has a strategic collaboration with NVIDIA Corporation to power physical AI development.
While we acknowledge the potential of NBIS as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on thebest short-term AI stock.
READ NEXT:33 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Yearsand15 Stocks That Will Make You Rich in 10 Years.
Disclosure: None.Follow Insider Monkey on Google News.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio