Title: Goldman Says Persian Gulf Oil Supply 57% Below Pre-War Level
Date: 2026-04-24 07:35
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/energy/articles/goldman-says-persian-gulf-oil-073539277.html?.tsrc=rss

(Bloomberg) -- Oil output from Persian Gulf nations has been running 14.5 million barrels a day below pre-war levels this month, according to Goldman Sachs Group Inc., which estimated any resumption would take months. Most Read from Bloomberg US Reduces Marijuana Restrictions in Lift to Ailing Industry Meta Tells Staff It Will Cut 10% of Jobs in Push for Efficiency Anthropic’s Mythos Model Is Being Accessed by Unauthorized Users Inside Alex Cooper’s Unwell: Tears, Screaming and Employees Looking for the Exit Trump’s Messaging Blitz Divides Advisers as Iran Talks Waver The region-wide total is 57% lower than before the outbreak of the Iran war, analysts including Daan Struyven said in an April 23 note. A possible restoration would likely take “a few months,” a scenario based on a full-and-safe reopening of the Strait of Hormuz and no renewed strikes, they said. The global oil market is under increasing strain as the US and Israeli war against Iran heads toward a third month. Traffic through the Strait of Hormuz — which links the Persian Gulf to global markets — remains all but frozen, as both Tehran and Washington seek to impose blockades of ships. Global crude benchmark Brent is up for a fifth day, set for a weekly gain of 17%. “The longer the strait is effectively closed, the longer curtailments last, the slower the production recovery is likely to be,” the analysts said. Brent futures traded near $106 a barrel on Friday. That’s up from less than $73 a barrel before the war erupted, but below the conflict-high of almost $120. (Updates to add Brent price in final paragraph.) Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek ‘I Have Half of MAGA’: The Republican Challenging Trump From Within AI Startup Has Helped Reverse Thousands of Denied Health Insurance Claims United’s CEO Is Here to Buy Your Struggling Airline QVC Lost the Home Shoppers to Social Media Influencers Three Bedrooms for €60 Million Shows Monaco’s Dirty Money Headache ©2026 Bloomberg L.P.