Title: Analysts Reaffirm Buy Rating on Meta (META), Cite Growth and AI Potential
Date: 2026-05-03 07:51
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/analysts-reaffirm-buy-rating-meta-075143432.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) ranks among thestocks to invest in before they split next. On April 23, Guggenheim reaffirmed its Buy rating and $850 price target for Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META), citing strong ad revenue growth and AI developments. Guggenheim anticipates revenue growth of more than 23% in each quarter through 2026, driven by performance enhancements, advertiser preference, and an increase in impressions on video platforms. The firm said that Meta’s 2026 capital expenditure projection of $115 billion to $135 billion implies a 73% increase over the previous year at the midpoint. Meanwhile, on April 16, TD Cowen restated its Buy rating and $820 price target for Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META). The firm anticipates increasing advertising growth, as well as reduced margins due to artificial intelligence spending. For Meta’s first-quarter 2026 revenue and operating income, TD Cowen’s projections are 1% and 6% higher than consensus, respectively. According to TD Cowen, operating margins will contract due to increased AI spending, while revenue growth will accelerate in the fourth quarter due to AI-powered engagement and monetization benefits. Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) is a California-based company that develops social media applications, such as Facebook and Instagram. Dedicated to connecting people and growing businesses, the company has two segments: Family of Apps (FoA) and Reality Labs (RL). While we acknowledge the potential of META as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on thebest short-term AI stock. READ NEXT:33 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Yearsand15 Stocks That Will Make You Rich in 10 Years Disclosure: None.Follow Insider Monkey on Google News.
