Title: Stifel Cuts META Price Target, Keeps Buy Rating
Date: 2026-05-02 22:39
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/stifel-cuts-meta-price-target-223945487.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) is one of the10 Best American Tech Stocks to Buy. On April 30, Stifel reduced its price target on Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) from $805 to $780 and kept its Buy rating on the stock. The research firm pointed out that Meta Platforms, Inc.’s (NASDAQ:META) GAAP earnings per share surpassed expectations, despite adjusting for one-time benefits. Daily active people fell quarter-over-quarter for the first time since the second quarter of 2019. However, Stifel believes this figure would have increased if not for access issues in Iran and Russia. Meta Platforms, Inc.’s (NASDAQ:META) guidance for the second quarter was in line with market expectations. The company increased its capital expenditure guidance for 2026 by $10 billion to $145 billion, up from a previous maximum of $135 billion. This raises questions around return on investment. The company’s management highlighted its vision for Superintelligence. However, Stifel believes that “having a publicly announced model out of MSL is a good start for helping investors wrap their heads around where dollars pay off long-term.” Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) is an American multinational technology company that owns and operates Facebook, Instagram, Threads, Messenger, and WhatsApp. While we acknowledge the potential of META as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on thebest short-term AI stock. READ NEXT:10 Best Fintech Stocks to Invest In According to Billionairesand10 Best Medical Stocks to Buy Under $30. Disclosure: None.Follow Insider Monkey on Google News.
