Title:   Nike Got Downgraded: Can the Iconic Brand Ever Recover?
Date:    2026-04-13
URL:     https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/13/nike-got-downgraded-can-the-iconic-brand-recover/?.tsrc=rss
--Article Content--
Once renowned for its world-leading brands and stylish athletic designs,Nike(NKE+3.01%)has become a poster child for long-suffering stocks. The athletic apparel company's shares have lost 68% of their value in the past five years. And year to date, NKE is strongly underperforming the stocks of several rival footwear companies likeAdidas,Under Armour,Wolverine World Wide, andDeckers Outdoor.
NKEdata byYCharts
The news for Nike shareholders got worse on April 10, when investment firmPiper Sandlerdowngraded the stock. Let's look at why this Nikedowngradeis such a big deal and whether NKE could be worth adding to your portfolio.
In a research note published on Friday, April 10, Piper Sandler downgraded NKE from overweight to neutral and cut itsprice targetfrom $60 to $50 per share. Piper Sandler analyst Anna Andreeva wrote that Nike stock is "still not cheap," and given the lack of possible occasions for good news anytime soon, the stock is "likely in the penalty box for now."
Image source: Getty Images.
Andreeva's report also warned that the athleisure market is becoming more mature and saturated, with "many brands looking similar and demand driven by new entrants (like Solomon) as opposed to legacy players." Tighter competition could be bad news for Nike's market share and profit margins.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Piper Sandler is not alone in its skepticism about this stock's prospects. Out of 23 top analysts covering the company, only 12 have NKE rated as a buy.
Why are analysts souring on Nike stock? A big reason is the company's most recent quarterly earnings announcement, on March 31. For its fiscal third quarter, the company announced revenues that were flat year over year, with a 7% decline in sales in the Greater China market.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all,Stock Advisor’stotal average return is975%*— a market-crushing outperformance compared to193%for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy right now,available when you joinStock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 15, 2026.
During that quarterlyearnings call, Nike executives also offered an outlook that disappointed investors. The company expects its current fiscal fourth quarter revenues to decline by 2% to 4%, with a 20% decline expected in China. NKE shares are down more than 18% since March 31.
Nike could still turn itself around. It's an iconic company that many people think of as an innovator and tastemaker in athletic apparel. But consumers can be fickle. If people get tired of wearing cookie-cutter athleisure apparel, or if an upstart shoe company designs a hot new product that becomes popular with office workers and pickup basketball players alike, Nike's struggles could get worse. This stock is trending in the wrong direction, and I wouldn't rate it as a buy.
Before you buy stock inNike, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andNikewasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $556,335!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,160,572!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is975% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to193%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 15, 2026.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over35 Amazons.
What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
*Returns as of April 15, 2026.**$149 for 2 years is a promotional price for new members only. Renews at current list price of $199 after 2nd year.