Title: Record-Setting Momentum Rally Is Drawing Doubters
Date: 2026-04-26 20:50
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/record-setting-momentum-rally-drawing-200000605.html?.tsrc=rss

Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home.
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker.
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude.
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
(Bloomberg) -- April’s rally in risk assets has weathered stalled peace talks, signs of resurgent inflation and a central-bank succession drama. Investors may be about to find out if the speed of the advance itself poses a threat to a further ascent.
Most Read from Bloomberg
The Billion-Barrel Hormuz Oil Shock Is About to Crash Demand
Gunman Detained, Trump Evacuated After Shooting at Press Dinner
Trump Scraps US Trip for Iran Talks, Leaving Ceasefire in Limbo
The Hottest Phone for Kids Right Now Is a $100 Landline
Google Plans to Invest Up to $40 Billion in Anthropic
Global equities enter the week at or near records, with the S&P 500 up almost 10% since the end of March, putting it on pace for the best monthly advance since late 2020. Treasury yields fell Friday as the closing of a Justice Department probe of Fed Chief Jerome Powell cleared a path to Kevin Warsh’s confirmation, boosting bets that the central bank could resume cutting interest rates before the year is out.
Bumper earnings and a resilient economy have pushed the S&P 500 about 3% over the high it set before the Iran war began. On Friday, stocks were lifted by hopes that the US and Iran would make headway in peace negotiations over the weekend.
But the risks from the conflict haven’t receded. Those talks were called off, oil prices remain high, and still-elevated Treasury yields are pushing up borrowing costs across markets as traders brace for more inflation shocks.
“I am personally cautious that the market is driving at 120 kmh now, and may have less reaction time when it is really time to change lanes,” said Francis Tan, Asia chief strategist at Indosuez Wealth in Singapore.
Trading in US stock, bond and oil futures resumes in earnest at 6 p.m. New York time Sunday. The US dollar advanced against its major peers as markets reopened in Asia, with risk-sensitive currencies like the Australian dollar and South African rand among the biggest laggards.
There have been some signs that investor enthusiasm for the biggest beneficiaries of the month-long rally may be waning. USO, the biggest US exchange-traded fund tracking crude, is on pace for its steepest monthly outflow since 2009. SOXX, one of the largest semiconductor funds, saw one of its largest weekly withdrawals ever — a week after reeling in record cash. Both are among the market’s most-crowded trades.
“We’re seeing increased protection buying at the highs,” John Tully, who leads global macro sales at BofA Securities, wrote in a note to clients Sunday. According to BofA’s trading desk, investors should hedge across rate sensitive areas of the market such as small caps, regional banks and gold, adding that underperformance might still shake out those holding gold as high beta risk asset.
Investors will get a key glimpse into the state of the American earnings machine this week. Alphabet Inc., Microsoft Corp., Amazon.com Inc. and Meta Platforms Inc. are set to report Wednesday, followed by Apple Inc. a day later. The companies represent a quarter of the S&P 500’s market capitalization.
“The violent rally in risk from the March lows has left investors cautious into Mega Tech EPS, wondering if the good news is already in the price,” Michael Romano, head of hedge fund equity derivative sales at UBS Securities, wrote in a note to clients Sunday. “Big Tech EPS this week has the potential to fuel a catch up trade across the hyperscalers but the bar is high and positioning is crowded.”
An attempt to resume peace talks over the Iran war stalled over the weekend after US President Donald Trump canceled a planned trip by his top envoys and the Islamic Republic said it won’t negotiate so long as it’s being threatened.
Trump on Saturday told Jared Kushner and Steve Witkoff to skip the trip to Pakistan, which is mediating talks, and later told reporters that Iran “offered a lot, but not enough.” Iranian President Masoud Pezeshkian said his nation won’t enter “imposed negotiations under threats or blockade.”
While a ceasefire has mostly held since early April, both countries are maintaining a blockade on the Strait of Hormuz, making the key energy chokepoint virtually impassable.
Hopes truce negotiations would proceed sent oil prices lower Friday, with West Texas Intermediate futures falling 1.5% to settle above $94 a barrel. The declined pared a weekly gain that — at 13% — remained the biggest jump since the initial surge triggered by the war in early March.
--With assistance from Matthew Burgess.
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
‘I Have Half of MAGA’: The Republican Challenging Trump From Within
A Restaurant That’s Barely Raised Prices Since 1973
United’s CEO Is Here to Buy Your Struggling Airline
Why If the War Doesn’t End Soon, Everyone Will Pay
AI Startup Has Helped Reverse Thousands of Denied Health Insurance Claims
©2026 Bloomberg L.P.