Title:   Jim Cramer on Goldman Sachs: “What the Firm Does Best Is Manage Risk”
Date:    2026-04-14
URL:     https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/jim-cramer-goldman-sachs-firm-154407724.html?.tsrc=rss
--Article Content--
Oops, something went wrong
The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (NYSE:GS) is among thestocks on Jim Cramer’s game plan as he shared his take on the market post Iran-U.S. ceasefire talks. Cramer highlighted “Goldman’s specialty” during the episode, as he said:
Let’s get to our game plan for next week. Alright, my Charitable Trust has a very big, long, very big position in, well, in Goldman Sachs. Okay, that’s my alma mater. And when it reports on Monday, barring some serious Iranian action that causes a spike in the price of oil this weekend, I think you’ll see a solid set of numbers and a good reaction to the numbers that Goldman Sachs prints. Now, I’ve gotta tell you, this judgment does stem a little bit from my time at Goldman. Why? Because that’s where I learned to manage and profit from risk. It’s what the firm does best is manage risk. And this volatile market, like the one we are having, that’s Goldman’s specialty.
Photo byJoshua MayoonUnsplash
The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (NYSE:GS) provides financial services, including investment banking, asset and wealth management, and banking solutions. During the April 8 episode, Cramer noted that there are “multiple reasons to own this stock,” as he remarked:
How about this Goldman Sachs? Alright, there are multiple reasons to own this stock once you think the coast is clear. I know there’s plenty of money there that could be destined for takeovers now. I think there’ll be a rush of deals as this administration is incredibly pro-deal-making. They never met a merger they didn’t like unless it involves the President’s political enemies, that is. And it represents a lot of advisory business for the investment banks. Now, Goldman reports next week. I think it should be a good one, as we told members of the CNBC Investing Club. We’ve owned the stock for a long time.
While we acknowledge the potential of GS as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on thebest short-term AI stock.
READ NEXT:33 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Yearsand15 Stocks That Will Make You Rich in 10 Years
Disclosure: None.Follow Insider Monkey on Google News.