Title: BofA Sees Efficiency Gains Driving Progressive Corp (PGR) Upside Potential
Date: 2026-05-03 07:52
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/bofa-sees-efficiency-gains-driving-075204846.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
The Progressive Corporation (NYSE:PGR) ranks among thebest low-risk investments in May 2026. On April 15, BofA Securities boosted The Progressive Corporation (NYSE:PGR)’s price target to $312 from $298, while keeping a Buy rating on the company’s stock. The firm’s March quarter earnings were $1.55 per share, lower than BofA’s prediction of $1.62 but consistent with industry expectations. The in-period loss ratio exceeded the firm’s projection, although net prior-period development was greater than predicted. Pixabay/Public Domain Progressive’s expense ratio fell to 20.0% in March from 20.6%-20.9% in previous months, indicating increased cost efficiency, possibly due to reduced advertising expenditures or a more stable workforce. This operational discipline strengthens the company’s adaptability to changing market conditions. Based on the March data, BofA reduced its fiscal 2026 full-year forecast for The Progressive Corporation (NYSE:PGR), though it increased its out-year projections by 10 cents because of a slightly higher estimate of stock buybacks at a marginally lower price. Using an underwriting-margin-normalized 92% combined ratio, the firm’s 2028 prediction of $19.40 per share would change to $16.81 per share. The Progressive Corporation (NYSE:PGR) is an insurance holding company that provides residential property insurance, personal and commercial auto insurance, and other specialty property-casualty insurance and related services. While we acknowledge the potential of PGR as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on thebest short-term AI stock. READ NEXT:33 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Yearsand15 Stocks That Will Make You Rich in 10 Years Disclosure: None.Follow Insider Monkey on Google News.
