Title: Scotiabank Elevates Restaurant Brands (QSR) PT by $10 – Here’s Why
Date: 2026-05-02 14:35
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/scotiabank-elevates-restaurant-brands-qsr-143545012.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Restaurant Brands International Inc. (NYSE:QSR) is one of theStocks that Billionaire Druckenmiller and Jim Cramer like. Restaurant Brands International Inc. (NYSE:QSR) saw its price target increase on April 28, 2026. Scotiabank raised its price target on the stock from $71 to $81 while maintaining a Sector Perform rating. The intense unit growth targets amid macro and consumer pressure have made the firm take a moderately cautious approach toward the stock. According to the firm’s analyst, John Zamparo, further upside in the stock is possible, but only after clearer evidence of sustained growth. Similar to this adjustment, on April 24, 2026, Bank of America also raised its price target on Restaurant Brands International Inc. (NYSE:QSR) from $63 to $74. The firm reiterated an Underperform rating on the company’s stock. BofA is revising its estimates and price targets across the restaurant sector ahead of first-quarter earnings reports. Notably, Restaurant Brands International Inc. (NYSE:QSR) announced earlier in April that it will report its first-quarter 2026 earnings results on May 6, 2026. The stock appears in Druckenmiller’s portfolio as a top dividend-paying holding, and was praised by Cramer for its performance last year. Founded in 2014, Restaurant Brands International Inc. (NYSE:QSR) is one of the world’s largest quick-service restaurant companies in the world. Based in Ontario, Canada, the company owns and operates four iconic brands: Burger King, Tim Hortons, Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen, and Firehouse Subs. While we acknowledge the potential of QSR as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on thebest short-term AI stock. READ NEXT:10 New Contenders for S&P 500 IndexandHarvard University Stock Portfolio: Top 10 Stock Picks. Disclosure: None.Follow Insider Monkey on Google News.
