Title: Apple is facing Mac mini supply constraints as AI and OpenClaw developers buy up
Date: 2026-04-30 22:12
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/technology/article/apple-is-facing-mac-mini-supply-constraints-as-ai-and-openclaw-developers-buy-up-tiny-desktops-221232805.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
Powell holds what is expected to be his final press conference as chair after the Fed keeps rates steady
Fed holds interest rates steady with no end to Iran war in sight
Elon Musk testified again in the OpenAI trial, describing his behavior at the company and its nonprofit 'halo'
A Senate committee confirmed Kevin Warsh, sending his nomination to be chairman of the Fed to the full Senate
Stocks slipped at the open as investors awaited a Fed decision and Big Tech earnings
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Silicon Valley’s favorite AI tool is making it harder to get Macs, and Apple (AAPL) CEO Tim Cook says it could take the company some time to catch up with demand.
AI developers and enthusiasts have been snatching up Mac minis and Mac Studios to run the AI agent platform OpenClaw, thanks to their relative affordability and ease of use. That’s made it difficult for some customers to get their hands on the compact, screenless desktop systems.
“The Mac Mini and the Mac Studio, both of these are amazing platforms for AI and agentic tools, and the customer recognition of that is happening faster than what we had predicted. And so we saw higher-than-expected demand,” Cook said during the company’s Q2 earnings call.
“We think, looking forward, that the Mac mini and the Mac Studio may take several months to reach supply-demand balance,” he added.
OpenClaw gained an enormous amount of attention among developers thanks to its ability to perform actions on your behalf from your own desktop using your own data.
The benefit is that you can customize it as you see fit, provide it with access to the information you want, and allow it to run tasks for you.
In the second quarter, Mac revenue hit $8.39 billion, up from the $7.94 billion Apple reported in the same period last year.
Like the rest of the computer and smartphone industry, Apple is also dealing with memory constraints caused by the global AI data center build-out. That’s driving up memory costs and, according to Cook, will have a greater impact on Apple in the coming quarters.
“I can tell you that beyond the June quarter, we believe memory costs will drive an increasing impact on our business, and we'll continue to evaluate this. And as we've said before, we'll look at a range of options,” Cook said.
Market research firm International Data Corporation (IDC) said that it expects to see PC shipments decline 11.3% in 2026 due to the memory shortage.
Cook, meanwhile, said that Apple’s iPhone is also facing supply constraints, but rather than memory, he pointed to the advanced processor nodes used for its A-series chips.
More broadly, IDC says global smartphone shipments declined 4.1% in the first quarter to 289.7 million units. That broke a 10-quarter streak of growth that began in mid-2023.
Premium smartphones like the iPhone, however, should be largely insulated from demand destruction.
Email Daniel Howley at dhowley@yahoofinance.com. Follow him on Twitter at @DanielHowley.
For the latest earnings reports and analysis, earnings whispers and expectations, and company earnings news, click here
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio