Title: Azure's Growth Rate Bounces Back in Q3. Is Microsoft's Stock Due for a Rally?
Date: 2026-05-04 19:50
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/05/04/azures-growth-rate-bounces-back-in-q3-is-microsoft/?.tsrc=rss

Microsoft's earnings numbers looked solid, as it beat on Azure and its top and bottom lines. Shares of Microsoft (MSFT 0.26%) have been doing poorly this year as investors have become concerned about both its high valuation and a slowing growth rate in its cloud business, Azure. With all eyes on heightened artificial intelligence (AI) expenditure, expectations may be high that Azure should be flourishing. And with that not proving to be the case when the company posted its earnings numbers back in January, the stock proceeded to crash. Microsoft recently released its latest quarterly numbers, which told a different story and showed Azure's growth rate coming in better than what analysts expected. Could this be the catalyst the stock needs to go on a prolonged rally? Image source: Getty Images. Last week, Microsoft reported its latest earnings numbers, covering the first three months of 2026, which came in a bit better than expected, particularly when it comes to Azure. That segment, which also includes other cloud services, rose by 40% for the quarter, which is better than the roughly 39% that analysts were expecting. Last quarter, the growth rate was 39%, and concerns of a slowdown in that area of its operations were a big reason investors were concerned about the tech stock. Going forward, the company expects its growth rate in Azure to range between 39% and 40%, which is also better than the 37% that analysts expect. Overall, there were plenty of encouraging numbers from the recent quarter to suggest that the company was doing well in not only Azure but its overall operations, as Microsoft reported a beat on not just Azure but its top and bottom lines as well. This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason. Microsoft's stock hasn't been surging due to its recent earnings numbers, but it has been rallying in recent weeks, with investors starting to recognize the value the stock possesses. In the past month, it's up 12%, but it remains down 14% since the start of the year. At 25 times trailing earnings, its price-to-earnings multiple is in line with the S&P 500 average. For a top tech stock with significant exposure to AI, it may still be a good buy at its current valuation. I wouldn't be surprised to see the stock rally from here on out, as Microsoft is one of the safer tech stocks to own, with terrific opportunities in AI. As a long-term investment, it's an excellent stock to simply put in your portfolio and hang on to for years.       Before you buy stock in Microsoft, consider this: The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Microsoft wasn’t one of them. Generational wealth is rarely built on a single hot stock pick — it’s built on a resilient, diversified foundation designed to compound for decades. If your goal is to pursue true generational wealth, you’ll want to see the 10 stocks our analysts believe are the best to buy now. Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $496,473!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,216,605!* That’s the power of choosing a handful of potential long‑term winners and letting time do the heavy lifting. Today, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 968% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 202% for the S&P 500. If your goal is to start building true generational wealth, don’t miss the latest top 10 list available with Stock Advisor, and take your next step toward a portfolio that can benefit not just you, but your family for years to come. See the 10 stocks › *Stock Advisor returns as of May 5, 2026.   David Jagielski, CPA has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Microsoft. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 18 Nvidias. What in the world could be worth 18 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited. Continue ›  *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason. Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services. Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. © 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io. About The Motley Fool Our Services Around the Globe Free Tools Affiliates & Friends