Title
Where Will the Cryptocurrency XRP Be in 5 Years?

Date
2026-04-09 23:39

URL
https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/09/xrp-price-prediction-where-in-5-years/?.tsrc=rss

Content
There's a reason why Ripple's growing success may never benefit token holders.
The cryptocurrencyXRP(XRP+1.23%)is down more than 60% since peaking near $3.65 last July. It now trades around $1.30 -- roughly the same price it was before the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) settled its case against Ripple and spot XRP ETFs, like theBitwise XRP ETF, launched in the U.S.
Two of the biggest catalysts bulls had been waiting years for have come and gone, and the token is right back where it started.
I think in the near term, you can expect more of the same, and I expect XRP to seriously struggle to keep pace with the broader crypto market over the next five years.
That doesn't mean I think banking adoption will slow or thatRipple, the company behind XRP, will suffer -- quite the opposite, in fact. It means that Ripple's success is not necessarily XRP's success, despite what many believe. As investors continue to catch on, the hype will fade.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Image source: Getty Images.
Ripple has two main business lines. The side that major banks and financial institutions primarily use is a settlement messaging system that doesn't involve XRP itself. Banks prefer not to manage such a volatile asset.
The other side, used primarily by smaller institutions, often uses XRP to facilitate cross-border transactions. Users can send money to other countries seamlessly; dollars are converted to XRP and then into the desired destination currency. Bank partnerships around the world are a crucial part of this system.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all,Stock Advisor’stotal average return is946%*— a market-crushing outperformance compared to190%for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy right now,available when you joinStock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2026.
The reality is that the first side handles significantly more volume, while the second lacks the size to really move the needle for XRP.
And that was before Ripple's recent pivot. The company is now pushing its stablecoin, RLUSD, as a key part of its product offerings. And RLUSD can play the same role as XRP in cross-border transactions. Now, banks have the option of which "bridge asset" to use, and for organizations that prize stability above everything, that's not a hard decision.
This is an active choice by Ripple, hoping to capitalize on the explosion in stablecoin popularity -- and not get left behind by doubling down on an XRP-only ecosystem. The company's website now prominently features "integrate stablecoin payments into your business" as the first thing you see on its payments page. Ripple wins either way, but XRP holders don't.
Five years from now, Ripple will likely be a bigger, stronger payments company. Adoption of its technology will have grown significantly. But even if that happens, even if its products genuinely transform cross-border banking, I don't expectXRP holdersto see the benefits. This cryptocurrency seems destined for an uncomfortable future.
Before you buy stock inXRP, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andXRPwasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $536,003!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,116,248!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is946% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to190%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2026.
Johnny Ricehas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends XRP. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over35 Amazons.
What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
