Title
This is the Real Reason to Invest in the SpaceX IPO, According to 1 Wall Street Analyst

Date
2026-04-10 00:07

URL
https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/09/this-is-the-real-reason-to-invest-in-the-spacex-ip/?.tsrc=rss

Content
SpaceX could well be the quintessential IPO of a generation -- but there's more than meet's the eye.
The hype machine is running at full speed ahead of SpaceX's IPO. The space company, founded by Elon Musk, has confidentially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) to go public and is poised to be the biggest listing in history. Major news outlets suggest that SpaceX is looking to raise roughly $75, targeting a valuation of between $1.75 trillion and $2 trillion.
But investors are missing out on the most important reason to invest in the SpaceX IPO, according to one Wall Street analyst.
Image source: Getty Images.
It seems theSpaceX IPOhas gone viral even before it has been officially announced, sending space-age investors into a frenzy. And there are plenty of reasons to be bullish. After all, SpaceX had revenue estimated at between $15 billion and $16 billion in 2025, resulting inEBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization)of $8 billion.
Driving those solid financial results is the SpaceX launch business, which has already conducted 635 successful Falcon rocket launches. Then there's theStarlink satellite internet business, which has more than 10,000 satellites in orbit, providing internet service to more than 9 million users.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
While those money-generating businesses are reasons to be optimistic, they are only two pieces of a much bigger puzzle, according to veteran tech analyst Gene Munster, managing partner at Deepwater Asset Management. In a post on X, Munster wrote:
Investors looking at the SpaceX IPO are focused on the launch business and Starlink subscribers. They're missing the real story. SpaceX, through its constellation ofElon (Musk)-controlled entities, has quietly assembled the only set of assets capable of building a fully sovereign AI.
Sovereign AI is each country's ability to develop and harness AI for the betterment of its society. The market could be worth as much as $600 billion by 2030, according to global management consulting firm McKinsey & Company.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all,Stock Advisor’stotal average return is946%*— a market-crushing outperformance compared to190%for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy right now,available when you joinStock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2026.
Munster posits the company has four pillars needed to offer the full stack of sovereign AI. SpaceX's launch monopoly and high-margin logistics business form the first pillar, giving the company the resources to deploy "compute and data centers into orbit." xAI, which merged with SpaceX early this year, provides criticalartificial intelligence (AI)infrastructure.
The second pillar is Starlink's hyperscale network, which Muster says also serves as a global internet service provider (ISP). This allows SpaceX to control the flow of compute, either on the ground or in orbit, without relying on other providers.
The third pillar is Grok, xAI's frontier model trained on "a proprietary, high-velocity data asset (X)" that offers "a real-time data advantage," according to Munster.
The final pillar is the Terafab, Musk's upcoming high-performance semiconductor fabrication facility, a joint venture betweenTeslaand SpaceX. The purpose of the venture is to solve the current "chip bottleneck" and produce 1 terawatt (1 trillion watts) of compute capacity per year -- more than the current worldwide total combined.
Munster opines, "If vertical integration is the path to capturing margin in the intelligence economy (and we believe it is), then SpaceX has the most compelling structural advantage of any company in the world." He also says it's hard to put a value on the opportunity.
Plenty will have to go right for SpaceX to achieve Munster's vision. If it does, the sky is the limit.
Nvidia’s CEO just revealed that one breakthrough could create more millionaires in the next five years than the internet did in two decades.
Amazon’s Jeff Bezos says it is “hard to overstate the impact.” And Cathie Wood projects AI could be an $80 trillion opportunity by 2030. That is theequivalent of 18 Nvidias, 29 Microsofts, or 35 Amazons.
But here’s what most investors miss: almost all that growth runs through a single choke point. One little-known company, called an “Indispensable Monopoly,” provides the critical technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size. We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name.
Continue ›
Danny Vena, CPAhas positions in Tesla. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Tesla. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over35 Amazons.
What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
