Title
Why Argan Stock Crushed it on Thursday

Date
2026-04-09 20:58

URL
https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/09/why-argan-stock-crushed-it-on-thursday/?.tsrc=rss

Content
The company announced a significant expansion to its share repurchase program.
Construction, power, and industrial sector services providerArgan(AGX+3.57%)served up a handsome gain for its shareholders on Thursday. Those folks were glad that their company is expanding its share buyback program and sticking to its dividend policy. On these tailwinds, Argan's stock rose by nearly 4% on the day.
Just after market close on Wednesday, Argan announced that its board of directors had green-lighted that expansion to the stock repurchase initiative, specifically from $150 million to $200 million. It also pushed the expiration date forward; this is now Jan. 31, 2030.
Image source: Getty Images.
In the same press release, Argan said it will dispense a quarterly dividend of $0.50 per share. This matches the previous two distributions. Before that, the company had dispensed just under $0.38 per share. The upcoming dividend is to be distributed on April 30 to investors of record as of April 22, and yields 0.3%.
The company quoted CEO David Watson as saying the expansion of the share buyback program "reflects Argan's strong and sustained cash generation, robust balance sheet and our conviction around the long-term demand environment for our capabilities."
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Watson also waxed optimistic about Argan's present and future, saying that now is a thrilling time for the company, given the solid demand for its services.
I don't see that demand fading anytime soon. Argan is one of those companies getting plenty of work from the build-out ofartificial intelligence (AI)technology, and unless it stumbles badly in some way, that alone should continue to feed it into at least the mid-term future. Many signs point up for this company now, and its stock is worth serious consideration as a buy.
Before you buy stock inArgan, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andArganwasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $536,003!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,116,248!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is946% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to190%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2026.
Eric Volkmanhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over35 Amazons.
What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
