Title
Why Investors Stampeded Into Gemini Space Station Today

Date
2026-04-09 23:37

URL
https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/09/why-investors-stampeded-into-gemini-space-station/?.tsrc=rss

Content
A report published in a top crypto news site said at least part of the company is being targeted for acquisition.
Most cryptocurrencies weren't drifting high into orbit on Thursday, but the journey was different for crypto exchange operatorGemini Space Station(GEMI+8.71%). On a media report of a possible takeover play (or plays), investors eagerly snapped up the company's shares to lift them to a daily gain of almost 9%.
That morning,Bullish'scryptonews and analysis site CoinDesk reported that would-be buyers were mulling acquisitions of certain parts of Gemini's business.
Image source: Getty Images.
Citing an unidentified "person with direct knowledge of the matter," CoinDesk wrote that these entities, which were unnamed, were focused on Gemini's recently closed operations on continental Europe and in the U.K. The primary impetus for some is to obtain the regulatory licenses granted to those units.
In February, Gemini announced it was reducing its worldwide workforce by 25%. This included shuttering its operations in the U.K., the European Union (EU), and Australia. The goal was to narrow the company's business to its native U.S. and Singapore.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
According to the article's source, the acquirers are more interested in these "pieces" than in acquiring Gemini as a whole.
Gemini management has not yet officially commented on the story.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all,Stock Advisor’stotal average return is946%*— a market-crushing outperformance compared to190%for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy right now,available when you joinStock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2026.
There are plenty of offbeat companies in the cryptosphere, and Gemini has always been an outlier within that world.
It aims not only to be a brokerage but also a business offering a suite of related services such as custody and a payments system. Yet it's lately been figuring out ways to shrink, not grow, its operations, so those overseas units are unlikely to sell at premium prices. I would curb my enthusiasm on the CoinDesk report if I were a shareholder.
Before you buy stock inGemini Space Station, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andGemini Space Stationwasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $536,003!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,116,248!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is946% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to190%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2026.
Eric Volkmanhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over35 Amazons.
What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
