Title: Moelis & Company Q1 Earnings Miss Estimates, Stock Down
Date: 2026-04-30 15:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/moelis-company-q1-earnings-miss-150000432.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
Powell holds what is expected to be his final press conference as chair after the Fed keeps rates steady
Fed holds interest rates steady with no end to Iran war in sight
Elon Musk testified again in the OpenAI trial, describing his behavior at the company and its nonprofit 'halo'
A Senate committee confirmed Kevin Warsh, sending his nomination to be chairman of the Fed to the full Senate
Stocks slipped at the open as investors awaited a Fed decision and Big Tech earnings
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Shares of Moelis & Company MC lost 1.9% during after-market trading following the announcement of lower-than-expected first-quarter 2026 results. Adjusted earnings of 50 cents per share missed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 59 cents. The bottom line declined 21.9% from the prior-year quarter.Results were hurt by an increase in expenses and lower other income. These were partially offset by a rise in revenues. Also, the company had a solid liquidity position in the quarter.Net income (GAAP basis) was $38.4 million compared with $50.3 million in the prior-year quarter.
Total revenues (GAAP basis) in the quarter grew 4.3% year over year to $319.8 million. However, the top line lagged the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $336.1 million.Total quarterly operating expenses (GAAP basis) were $279.3 million, up 3.6% year over year. The rise was due to an increase in occupancy costs, communication, technology and information services expenses, travel and related expenses, depreciation and amortization charges and other expenses. Our estimate for total operating expenses was $271.4 million.Other income (GAAP basis) was $5.7 million, down 7.8% from the prior-year quarter. We projected the metric to be $8.6 million.As of March 31, 2026, the company had cash and liquid investments of $353.7 million, with no debt.
In the reported quarter, the company repurchased 1.9 million shares for $117.3 million. This includes 1.0 million shares to settle tax liabilities and a quarterly record of 0.9 million shares on the open market.
MC’s global expansion initiatives, solid capital markets performance and diverse operations across sectors and industries bode well for the future. However, declining other income and rising expenses are expected to hurt bottom-line growth.
Moody's Corporation price-consensus-eps-surprise-chart | Moody's Corporation Quote
Currently, Moelis & Company has a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
Morgan Stanley’s MS first-quarter 2026 earnings were $3.43 per share, which beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $3.06. The bottom line jumped 32% from the prior-year quarter.Morgan Stanley’s results benefited from robust client engagement, and strength in investment banking (IB) and trading activities, as well as growth in net interest income.The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.’s GS first-quarter 2026 earnings per share of $17.55 topped the Zacks Consensus Estimate by 7.4%. The metric also rose 24.3% from $14.12 a year ago.Driven by the volatile market, Goldman posted record net revenues in Equities, while its fixed income, currencies and commodities intermediation business revenues fell. A solid dealmaking activity led to robust growth in IB fees. Goldman’s Asset & Wealth Management division posted solid revenue growth. However, a rise in expenses and provision for credit losses were headwinds.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (GS) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Morgan Stanley (MS) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Moelis & Company (MC) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio