Title: Evercore Q1 Earnings Beat Estimates, Revenues Hit Record Level
Date: 2026-04-30 16:19
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/evercore-q1-earnings-beat-estimates-161900282.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
Powell holds what is expected to be his final press conference as chair after the Fed keeps rates steady
Fed holds interest rates steady with no end to Iran war in sight
Elon Musk testified again in the OpenAI trial, describing his behavior at the company and its nonprofit 'halo'
A Senate committee confirmed Kevin Warsh, sending his nomination to be chairman of the Fed to the full Senate
Stocks slipped at the open as investors awaited a Fed decision and Big Tech earnings
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Evercore Inc. EVR reported first-quarter 2026 adjusted earnings per share (EPS) of $7.53, surpassing the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $5.57. Also, the bottom line compared favorably with the prior-year quarter’s $3.49.
Results benefited from an increase in revenues generated from the Investment Banking & Equities and Investment Management segments. An increase in the assets under management (AUM) balance was another positive. However, the rise in expenses due to Robey Warshaw acquisition-related charges was an undermining factor.
The results include certain non-recurring items. After considering this, net income attributable to common shareholders (GAAP basis) was $301.2 million, up from $146.2 million in the year-ago quarter.
In the first quarter of 2026, the company reported record net revenues (adjusted) of $1.40 billion, beating the Zacks Consensus Estimate by 14.2%. The top line increased from $699.9 million in the year-ago quarter.
Total expenses increased 81.8% year over year to $1.06 billion. The rise partly reflected acquisition-related compensation charges, amortization of intangible assets, interest costs related to deferred acquisition consideration and acquisition and transition costs associated with the Robey Warshaw acquisition.
The adjusted compensation ratio was 64%, down from 65.7% in the prior-year quarter.
The adjusted operating margin was 25.3%, up from 16.6% in the prior-year quarter.
Investment Banking & Equities: Net revenues increased 102.9% year over year to $1.37 billion. This rise was primarily due to an increase in advisory fees, underwriting fees and commissions and related revenue. Also, operating income surged from $106.7 million in the year-ago quarter to $326.9 million.
Investment Management: Net revenues were $22.8 million, up 12.5% from the prior-year quarter. Operating income was $3.8 million, down 15% year over year. AUM was $15.1 billion as of March 31, 2026, up 10% year over year.
As of March 31, 2026, cash and cash equivalents were $986 million, and investment securities and certificates of deposit were $1 billion. Current assets exceeded current liabilities by $1.8 billion as of the same date. Amounts due related to the notes payable were $539.7 million as of March 31, 2026.
On April 28, 2026, the company declared a quarterly dividend of 89 cents per share, reflecting a 6% increase. The dividend will be paid out on June 12 to common stockholders of record as of May 29.
In the reported quarter, Evercore repurchased 1.9 million shares at an average price of $322.
In February 2026, Evercore completed the acquisition of Robey Warshaw, a leading UK-based independent advisory firm. This strategic move strengthens Evercore’s presence across EMEA, and broadens its sector and product coverage.
The Robey Warshaw acquisition accelerates Evercore’s growth strategy in the U.K. and wider EMEA region. The combination leverages Robey Warshaw’s strong client relationships and advisory track record to create opportunities for client engagement and revenue generation.
For Evercore, the deal is expected to be accretive to both adjusted and GAAP EPS in the first full year post-close. It strengthens the firm’s global advisory position, enhances cross-border capabilities, and supports long-term growth across strategic markets.
EVR’s performance benefited from strong momentum in its advisory business, which drove record revenues. Higher AUM balance and solid segmental growth were other positives. Given the company’s strong liquidity position, capital distribution activities seem sustainable. However, elevated expenses, including costs associated with the Robey Warshaw acquisition, are likely to weigh on bottom-line growth in the near term.
Evercore Inc Price, Consensus and EPS Surprise
 
Evercore Inc price-consensus-eps-surprise-chart | Evercore Inc Quote
Currently, Evercore carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. GS reported first-quarter 2026 earnings per share of $17.55, which topped the Zacks Consensus Estimate by 7.4%. The metric also rose 24.3% from $14.12 a year ago.
GS’s overall results have benefited from solid revenue growth in the Global Banking & Markets, and Asset & Wealth Management divisions. However, a rise in expenses and provision for credit losses were headwinds.
Morgan Stanley’s MS first-quarter 2026 earnings were $3.43 per share, which outpaced the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $3.06. The bottom line jumped 32% from the prior-year quarter.
MS’s results benefited from robust client engagement and strength in investment banking and trading activities.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (GS) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Morgan Stanley (MS) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Evercore Inc (EVR) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio