Title: Former Goldman Sachs CEO_ Ivy League geniuses aren’t always the most successful—
Date: 2026-04-29 15:57
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/former-goldman-sachs-ceo-ivy-155741687.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
Powell holds what is expected to be his final press conference as chair after the Fed keeps rates steady
Fed holds interest rates steady with no end to Iran war in sight
Elon Musk testified again in the OpenAI trial, describing his behavior at the company and its nonprofit 'halo'
A Senate committee confirmed Kevin Warsh, sending his nomination to be chairman of the Fed to the full Senate
Stocks slipped at the open as investors awaited a Fed decision and Big Tech earnings
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Joining the chorus of other CEOs, former Goldman Sachs leader Lloyd Blankfein is dispelling the myth that an Ivy League degree or supreme intellect is a prerequisite for success. It’s a pattern he’s witnessed through his decades-long career in banking, rising to the top of the C-suite at one of the biggest banks in the world.
“I’ve met people who’ve worked hard, who’ve done well, who had lucky opportunities—and give them credit, they took advantage of those opportunities—but they weren’t geniuses,” Blankfein recently told CNBC International. “They just applied themselves, they had their ears open, they had curiosity about the environment around them, and they saw things, and they went through little doors that other people wouldn’t have seen.”
Looking back on his career in finance, Blankfein pointed to a specific instance that exemplified that lesson. He spent years working at Goldman Sachs’ J. Aron—a relatively small commodity trading firm—where he strived to prove that the operation had the potential to be even bigger. And Blankfein picked up on cultural differences between the two finance firms: J. Aron employees were “streety” and not all had gone to college, while Goldman was chock-full of Ivy League graduates. Blankfein said he had a “chip on his shoulder” to show that they were great workers; they “worked harder, took a little less for granted, [and] were much more curious about learning.”
Putting in the elbow grease can be more powerful than a flashy college degree or pedigree—and the former Goldman Sachs CEO said great careers are actually ripe for the picking if professionals seize the moment and work hard.
“A lot of these opportunities are more accessible than you think,” Blankfein continued. “If you think that someone can only get to this spot because he’s brilliant and genius and had this charmed life at every stage, you kind of give up.”
Blankfein has lived this lesson; the billionaire finance leader was born into public housing in Brooklyn, sharing a bedroom in his small New York City apartment with his grandmother or sister until he went off to college. At the time, his high school was on the brink of shutting down—but the then-teenager battened down the hatches, studied hard, and became class valedictorian. He became a student at Harvard at age 16, where he studied history as an undergraduate, later graduating from Harvard Law School. After a brief stint working at a private law practice, he joined J. Aron, which was acquired by Goldman in 1981. He spent the next five decades advancing his career, eventually ascending to the top and serving as Goldman Sachs’ CEO for 12 years.
“My career is not only relatable, but accessible,” Blankfein said. “Statistically, not a lot of people  are going to get those same kinds of breaks, but you can go pretty far in this world taking advantage of opportunities and working hard.”
Blankfein isn’t the only business leader who believes that working hard is more powerful than natural intellect or pricey diplomas.
David Solomon, the current CEO of Goldman Sachs, says he’s in the “camp of smart enough.” And he looks for the same in deciding who would be a successful hire at the bank; the chief executive said that the most attractive job candidates are in touch with “human elements” like the ability to connect, be resilient, and determined. And experience, Solomon said, is “hugely underrated” and “a big differentiator for the firm.”
“You have to be smart enough, but the smartest person in the world without a whole package of other things [is] not going to navigate Goldman Sachs well, not going to be successful in Goldman Sachs over the long run,” Solomon revealed on Sequoia Capital’s Long Strange Trip podcast last year.
“You can’t teach experience,” Solomon explained. “Experience matters in these big organizations and when it matters it doesn’t matter when things are going well. It matters when the bumps come. You’ve got to make difficult judgments.”
Last year, Blackstone President and COO Jon Gray also told new analysts that working hard and being collaborative are essential skills for success in today’s challenging job market.
To succeed, Gray told employees they should “work harder and care more; this is not complicated.” He also encouraged them to think like entrepreneurs and “treat people in a really great way, the way you would like to be treated.”
Berkshire Hathaway’s Warren Buffett looked past Ivy League degrees when it came to hiring, too. The hedge fund mogul, worth $143 billion, didn’t care if his employees went to Stanford or Princeton—or any college at all.
While discussing Berkshire Hathaway’s 2005 acquisition of Forest River, an RV manufacturer led by Pete Liegl, Buffett said, “no competitor came close to his performance” despite Liegl not hailing from an incredibly prestigious university. Buffett also pointed to Microsoft entrepreneur Bill Gates, who achieved billion-dollar success without a college diploma.
“I never look at where a candidate has gone to school. Never!” Buffett said in his 2025 annual letter to shareholders. “Of course, there are great managers who attended the most famous schools. But there are plenty such as Pete [Liegl] who may have benefited by attending a less prestigious institution or even not bothering to finish school.”
This story was originally featured on Fortune.com
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio