Title: After Solid Q1, Should You Hold or Fold Goldman at Current Level_
Date: 2026-04-23 15:40
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/solid-q1-hold-fold-goldman-154000849.html?.tsrc=rss

The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.’s GS first-quarter 2026 results were impressive. The company’s quarterly top and bottom-line numbers beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate. Solid revenue growth in the Global Banking & Markets and Asset & Wealth Management divisions drove overall revenues to expand 14% year over year to the second-highest quarterly level in the firm’s history. Specifically, Goldman posted record net revenues in Equities of $5.33 billion, which rose 27% from a year ago, while its fixed income, currencies and commodities intermediation business’ revenues fell 10% year over year to $4.01 billion. A solid dealmaking activity led investment banking (IB) fees to jump 48% to $2.84 billion in the quarter. Advisory fees saw a remarkable 89% increase in the first quarter, driven by higher completed mergers and acquisitions (M&A) volumes. Backed by such a robust performance, GS stock currently trades at a premium to the industry. The stock is trading at a forward price/earnings (P/E) of 15.24X above the industry average of 13.29X. If we compare GS’ current valuation with two of its closest peers,JPMorganJPM andMorgan StanleyMS, it appears expensive compared with JPM’s P/E of 13.78X, while trading at a discount compared to MS’ P/E of 15.79X. Price-to-Earnings F12M Image Source: Zacks Investment Research Despite being a prominent name in the U.S. banking sector, GS’ not-so-favorable valuation may compel investors to stay away from the stock despite its impressive quarterly performance. Like Goldman, the first quarter 2026 performance of JPMorgan and Morgan Stanley was robust. Both surpassed the consensus estimate for earnings and sales on the back of strong capital markets business. Coming back to GS, investors should not avoid it entirely just because of its premium valuation. Before making any investment decision, let’s take a closer look at the company’s fundamentals and growth prospects to see if the higher valuation is justified. Investment Banking Rebound Driving Momentum:Given the industry-wide turnaround in the investment banking business, Goldman’s performance has been impressive. The company’s IB revenues rose 21% year over year in 2025, riding a wave of deal-making and initial public offering (IPO) activity. Going ahead, a healthy global IB pipeline, an active M&A market, “reopening of the IPO market,” and the company’s leadership position will aid it amid the changing macro situation. Against this backdrop, GS stands out as a key beneficiary. It maintained its #1 position in announced and completed M&A, and equity and equity-related offerings in the first quarter of 2026. Management projects an even stronger M&A environment in 2026, provided macroeconomic conditions remain stable. The company has seen high levels of client engagement across its IB business in the first quarter, and expects the activity to accelerate in the upcoming period. As such, Goldman is well-positioned to benefit in the upcoming period. Similarly, JPMorgan and Morgan Stanley are expected to record solid IB income growth this year as the industry-wide backdrop turns favorable.