Title: World Inflation Scare Is Coming as Chinese Exporters Lift Prices
Date: 2026-04-24 09:12
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/economy/articles/world-inflation-scare-coming-chinese-091231755.html?.tsrc=rss

(Bloomberg) -- Chinese exporters are beginning to lift prices on everything from swimsuits to air conditioners as the Iran war drives up oil-linked input costs, signaling that global consumer inflation is likely to accelerate. Most Read from Bloomberg US Reduces Marijuana Restrictions in Lift to Ailing Industry Meta Tells Staff It Will Cut 10% of Jobs in Push for Efficiency Anthropic’s Mythos Model Is Being Accessed by Unauthorized Users Trump’s Messaging Blitz Divides Advisers as Iran Talks Waver Inside Alex Cooper’s Unwell: Tears, Screaming and Employees Looking for the Exit More than a dozen categories of household goods saw sharp year-on-year price increases in March, customs data compiled by Trade Data Monitor and analyzed by Bloomberg showed — snapping a sustained decline over the past few years that had helped restrain global inflation. “I held off raising prices for as long as I could in March, but in the end I had no choice,” said Pang Ling, a sales manager at a Shanghai-based medical catheter maker. “I panicked watching plastic costs climb almost every singe day,” she said. That stress is rippling across a raft of sectors, with exporters also raising prices on swimsuits, ski-suits and women’s trousers — all reliant on synthetic fibers such as polyester — by low- to mid-single digit percentages in March. Their suppliers hiked fiber prices as frequently as daily during the month. Other products reliant on rubber, plastic and oil-derived chemicals also saw spikes. Syringes were one of the hardest hit products, with prices up as much as 20% in March. Meanwhile, home appliance prices are getting squeezed on two fronts as manufacturers also face higher metal and semiconductor costs. Read: Some Chinese Exporters Lift Prices on Rising Costs Due to War The detailed breakdown provides one of the first snapshots of how the Iran-war induced energy shock is rippling through the world’s No. 2 economy and on to retailers around the world. For almost three years, China’s export prices had been falling due to overcapacity and intense competition, helping to contain inflation in economies from the US to Europe. Those declines shaved an estimated 0.3%-0.5% off headline inflation in advanced economies in recent years, according to Capital Economics. As recently as February, cheaper Chinese goods acted as a restraint on price pressures in economies such as the UK. Now, as Chinese manufacturers begin passing on higher costs, that disinflationary buffer is weakening. Bloomberg Economics estimates above-3% inflation in 2026 is “back in play” across the euro area, the US and the UK as a result of the energy cost spike. This is a huge reversal from before the Iran war, when price growth in major economies was headed back toward target.