Title: Goldman Sachs Asset Management Announces Liquidation of Two Exchange-Traded Funds
Date: 2026-04-23 21:36
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/goldman-sachs-asset-management-announces-204000602.html?.tsrc=rss

NEW YORK, April 23, 2026--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Goldman Sachs Asset Management ("GSAM"), the investment adviser for the Goldman Sachs Access Municipal Bond ETF and Goldman Sachs Access Investment Grade Corporate 1-5 Year Bond ETF (each, a "Fund" and together, the "Funds"), announced today that the Funds’ Board of Trustees, at the recommendation of GSAM, has approved a plan of liquidation for each Fund (collectively, the "Plans"). Under the Plans, which are effective today, the Funds will begin the process of liquidating portfolio assets and unwinding their affairs in an orderly fashion over time. The Plans are not subject to shareholder approval. Shareholders of the Funds may sell their shares on the Funds’ listing exchange, NYSE Arca, Inc. ("NYSE Arca"), until market close on June 3, 2026, and may incur transaction fees from their broker-dealer. The Funds’ shares will no longer trade on NYSE Arca after market close on June 3, 2026, and the shares will subsequently be de-listed. Shareholders who continue to hold shares of a Fund on the Funds’ liquidation date, which is expected to be on or about June 10, 2026, will receive a liquidating distribution of cash in the cash portion of their brokerage accounts equal to the amount of the net asset value ("NAV") of their shares. For tax purposes, shareholders will generally recognize a capital gain or loss equal to the amount received for their shares over their adjusted basis in such shares. The Funds will stop accepting creation orders from Authorized Participants on June 3, 2026. About Goldman Sachs Asset Management GSAM is the primary investing area within Goldman Sachs, delivering investment and advisory services across public and private markets for the world’s leading institutions, financial advisors, and individuals. The business is driven by a focus on partnership and shared success with its clients, seeking to deliver long-term investment performance drawing on its global network and deep expertise across industries and markets. GSAM is a leading investor across fixed income, liquidity, equity, alternatives, and multi-asset solutions. Goldman Sachs oversees approximately $3.7 trillion in assets under supervision as of March 31, 2026.1Follow us onLinkedIn. The Goldman Sachs Access Municipal Bond ETF(the "Fund") seeks to provide investment results that closely correspond, before fees and expenses, to the performance of the Bloomberg Municipal 1-17 Year ex AMT Index (the "Index"), which is designed to measure the performance of the municipal securities market with remaining maturities between one and seventeen years. The Fund may be more sensitive to adverse economic, business or political developments if it invests a substantial portion of its assets in bonds of similar projects or in particular types ofmunicipal securities.The Fund’s investments are subject to the risks associated with debt securities generally, includingcredit, liquidity and interest rate. Because the Fund mayconcentrate its investmentsin an industry or group of industries to the extent that the Index is concentrated, the Fund may be subject to greater risk of loss as a result of adverse economic, business or other developments affecting that industry or group of industries. The Fund isnot actively managed, and therefore the Fund will not generally dispose of a security unless the security is removed from the Index. The Fund’s investments are subject tomarket risk, which means that the value of the securities in which it invests may go up or down in response to the prospects of individual companies, particular sectors, governments or countries and/or general economic conditions in the U.S. or throughout the world. The Indexcalculation methodologymay rely on information based on assumptions and estimates and neither the Fund, the index provider nor the investment adviser can guarantee the accuracy of the methodology’s assessment of issuers or valuation of securities or the availability or timeliness of the production of the Index. The Fund may invest innon-investment grade fixed income securities, which involve greater price volatility and present greater risks than higher rated fixed income securities. Because the Fund may invest a large percentage of its assets inparticular states and sectors, the Fund is subject to greater risk of loss as a result of adverse economic, business or other developments affecting those states and sectors than if its investments were not so focused. The Fund may invest in bonds whose income may be subject to thefederal alternative minimum tax. The Fund may be adversely impacted bychanges in tax rates and policies, and is not suited for IRAs or other tax-exempt or deferred accounts.Performance may vary substantially from the performance of the Indexas a result of transaction costs, expenses and other factors.