Title: Venezuelan Crude Will Eventually Lower US Gas Prices_ Chevron Exec
Date: 2026-04-29 19:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/energy/articles/venezuelan-crude-eventually-lower-us-190000922.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
Powell holds what is expected to be his final press conference as chair after the Fed keeps rates steady
Fed holds interest rates steady with no end to Iran war in sight
Elon Musk testified again in the OpenAI trial, describing his behavior at the company and its nonprofit 'halo'
A Senate committee confirmed Kevin Warsh, sending his nomination to be chairman of the Fed to the full Senate
Stocks slipped at the open as investors awaited a Fed decision and Big Tech earnings
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
The current average price for gasoline in the US is $4.17 per gallon, according to AAA’s April 28 data.
That’s 15 cents higher than a week ago and $1.02 more than the year-ago average, or a 32% increase.
President Trump recently said he expects higher gas prices to last until at least the November mid-term elections.
How might Venezuela's oil production recovery affect prices?
How does Middle East conflict affect oil prices?
What factors are driving current US gas prices?
How is Venezuelan oil impacting American fuel costs?
Prices are based on the price of crude oil, which accounts for 40-70% of the cost at the pump. The Brent crude international price of oil is currently about $110 per barrel. It was $70.75 the day before the US and Israel attacked Iran, which translates to an increase of 56%.
The United States is the world’s top oil producer at 21.91 million barrels of oil per day (Mbopd), followed by Saudi Arabia at 11.13 Mbopd and Russia at 10.75 Mbopd, according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration.
The US imports little crude oil from the Middle East, roughly 8% in 2025. While the United States is unlikely to see energy shortages as the war with Iran drags on — unlike some countries — it does mean that US gas prices will continue to be influenced by the higher price of oil.
 Related: Crude Inventories Continue to Decline Amid Strong Oil Product Draws
However, according to a Chevron (NYSE:CVX) executive, prices would be even higher if it wasn’t for the crude oil the United States has begun importing from Venezuela.
Currently the only American oil company operating in Venezuela, Chevron is bringing in tankers filled with 400,000 barrels of oil to its Pascagoula refinery in Mississippi, which can process a maximum of 330,000 barrels a day of heavy crude oil like Venezuela’s into gasoline and other oil end products including diesel, jet fuel, LPG, petroleum coke and petrochemicals.
Andy Walz, Chevron’s president of downstream, midstream and chemicals, told a CBS News reporter that there was a period when Chevron couldn’t get access to Venezuelan crude.
“Now we're running about 100,000 barrels a day so this will last us about four days,” he said. “This ship is lowering prices in America because we have access to a new supply point that we didn't have previously.”
Asked whether gas would be more than $4/gallon without the tankers, Walz said “I'm not going to say a lot, but we would be paying more. Less supply means higher price.”
BBC News clarified that, while access to Venezuela’s vast oil reserves — the world’s largest — hasn’t yet meant lower gas prices, because the US is just as susceptible to global oil market fluctuations as other countries, Chevron believes its bet on Venezuelan crude will end up benefitting consumers.
“When things do get back to normal, that additional supply out of Venezuela will actually translate to lower prices for Americans. So it will in the future, but it isn't having an impact now,” Walz said.
He added that Chevron plans to increase its Venezuelan production by about 50% over the next couple of years. The company currently imports the equivalent of 250,000 barrels of Venezuelan crude per day, so a 50% increase would bump it up to 350,000 to 400,000 bopd.
Venezuela is gradually increasing its oil production after its president, Nicolas Maduro, was captured and brought to the United States to stand trial on narcoterrorism and other charges.
Despite hosting about 17% of global supply, because of dilapidated infrastructure, the country only produces about 1% of the world's oil.
However, during March, the country exported 1 million bopd for the first time since September.
PBS News reported the Trump administration “selectively” removed sanctions to enable the shipping and sale of Venezuelan oil.
Various estimates agree that Venezuela needs to generate more than $100 billion over the next decade to restore its oil production capacity, UPI reported this week. Just maintaining 1.1 Mbopd would require investments exceeding $50 billion, according to consulting firm Rystad Energy. To get to 3Mbopd, Venezuela would need about $183 billion.
Fortune wrote that Arguably the best-case scenario for Venezuelan oil production is it grows from producing nearly 1 million barrels of oil a day late last year to churning out about 1.2 million barrels daily by the end of 2026, said Francisco Monaldi, director of the Latin America Energy Program at Rice University’s Baker Institute for Public Policy.
The magazine noted momentum is building, with Venezuela passing new laws to open the industry to outside investment. Chevron has agreed to expand its largest project in the country’s Orinoco Belt, Shell (NYSE:SHEL) plans to develop “gassier regions” onshore and offshore, and Exxon Mobil (NYSE:XOM) plans to send a small team to Venezuela to assess the situation.
Meanwhile, oilfield services companies have started moving rigs and specialized equipment stored in warehouses for years, for assembly and repair, as the government advances a review of oil and gas contracts that could lead to fresh activity, Reuters said this week, citing four sources involved in the preparations.
Washington in 2019 imposed sanctions on the country’s energy sector, limiting activities of U.S. service firms including SLB, Halliburton, Baker Hughes and Weatherford International.
The equipment being dusted off would service projects operated by joint ventures between state-run PDVSA and private companies in the Orinoco Belt and Lake Maracaibo, the country’s two main oil regions.
By Andrew Topf for Oilprice.com
More Top Reads From Oilprice.com
China's Cleantech Machine Hits Top Gear as Oil Markets Crumble
Hormuz Disruptions Drive Crude Higher as U.S.-Iran Diplomacy Stalls
Putin Signals Support for Iran in Standoff With U.S.
Oilprice Intelligence brings you the signals before they become front-page news. This is the same expert analysis read by veteran traders and political advisors. Get it free, twice a week, and you'll always know why the market is moving before everyone else.
You get the geopolitical intelligence, the hidden inventory data, and the market whispers that move billions - and we'll send you $389 in premium energy intelligence, on us, just for subscribing. Join 400,000+ readers today. Get access immediately by clicking here.
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio