Title: Iran Tensions Are Hitting American Wallets. Here are the Energy Plays Worth Watc
Date: 2026-04-30 10:50
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/30/iran-tensions-are-hitting-american-wallets-here-ar/?.tsrc=rss

The war with Iran is causing some pain at the pump.
The price of oil has soared this year due to the war with Iran, driving up gas prices. According to AAA, the national average gas price is around $4.23 per gallon, up more than $1 per gallon from a year ago. With the average American driver using 575 gallons each year, we're on track to spend about $600 more on gas this year. 
While tensions with Iran are hitting American wallets, they're a boon for oil stocks. Here are two energy plays worth watching right now.
Image source: Getty Images.
Chevron (CVX +0.57%) expected 2026 to be a great year, and oil prices had nothing to do with it. The oil giant completed several expansion projects last year, which are now pumping oil. It also closed its needle-moving acquisition of Hess. Additionally, the company launched a cost-savings initiative to deliver $3 billion to $4 billion in structural cost savings by the end of this year. These factors fueled Chevron's expectation of delivering an additional $12.5 billion of free cash flow this year, assuming oil averaged $70 a barrel. 
Oil will likely remain well above that level this year. The U.S. Energy Information Administration now expects oil to average about $96 a barrel this year. That would be a boon for Chevron, as every $1-per-barrel increase in the average Brent price would boost its after-tax cash flow by $600 million. Chevron will likely return much of this windfall profit to shareholders by repurchasing shares at the high end of its $10 billion to $20 billion annual target range. 
This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating
Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason.
Occidental Petroleum (OXY 0.30%) also expected 2026 to be a better year, despite its initially muted expectations for oil prices. The U.S. oil and gas giant expected efficiency gains to enable it to reduce capital spending by about $550 million compared with last year. Additionally, the company's debt-reduction plan would deliver meaningful savings in interest expense. These factors drove its initial expectation of delivering a more than $1.2 billion free cash flow improvement in 2026. 
The oil company is now on track to generate much more free cash flow this year. Every $1 increase in the average annual oil price will add about $265 million to its annualized cash flow. Occidental Petroleum can allocate this windfall toward increasing capital spending, repaying additional debt, and repurchasing shares. It could also accelerate the redemption of Berkshire Hathaway's preferred equity investment, which it doesn't currently plan to start redeeming until August 2029. 
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 979%* — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 200% for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now, available when you join Stock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 30, 2026. 
We're going to pay a lot more for gas this year due to the war with Iran. One way to mute this impact is to invest in oil stocks, which are cashing in on higher crude prices. Chevron and Occidental are two energy plays to watch as they're on track to generate even bigger profit gushers this year.

 


Before you buy stock in Occidental Petroleum, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Occidental Petroleum wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $496,797!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,282,815!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 979% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 200% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 30, 2026. 

Matt DiLallo has positions in Berkshire Hathaway and Chevron. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Berkshire Hathaway and Chevron. The Motley Fool recommends Occidental Petroleum. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 35 Amazons.
What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating
Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends