Title: Pfizer protects $6.4bn heart disease blockbuster from generics, for now
Date: 2026-04-29 16:59
URL: https://www.pharmaceutical-technology.com/news/pfizer-protects-6-4bn-heart-disease-blockbuster-from-generics-for-now/?.tsrc=rss

Pfizer’s Vyndamax will be free from generics competition until 2031 in a boost to the company’s revenue streams. 
Pfizer has successfully warded off three drug manufacturers from placing generics referencing Vyndamax (tafamidis) on the US market, though the countdown to the blockbuster’s loss of exclusivity continues to tick.
In a statement, Pfizer said it has reached agreements with Dexcel Pharma, Hikma Pharmaceuticals and Cipla, all of whom were planning to market generics of its medication used to treat cardiomyopathy transthyretin-mediated amyloidosis (ATTR-CM).

                        The gold standard of business intelligence.
                    

                            Find out more
                            





						Combine business intelligence and editorial excellence to reach engaged professionals across 36 leading media platforms.
					

							Find out more 
The settlements, which end lawsuits filed by Pfizer alleging patent infringement, push back the US patent expiry for Vyndamax to 2031, though this is pending the outcome of other litigation.
Pfizer’s chief US commercial officer, Aamir Malik, said: “We are very pleased by this outcome, both for patients and in recognition of the value of our innovative science and the strength of our patents.”
Pfizer’s tafamidis franchise, which comprises of both Vyndamax and Vyndaqel, generated $6.38bn in 2025, up 17% from 2024. The big pharma company now only sells tafamidis as Vyndamax, after discontinuing Vyndaqel – the lower dose brand – at the end of 2025.
Pfizer had previously forecast a significant decline in US Vyndamax sales upon loss of exclusivity in 2028. With the settlements, Pfizer now anticipates a “relatively stable” stream of revenue from 2028 until mid-2031.
Citi analysts commented: “We expect the estimates for 2028–2031 will likely be revised materially higher. That said, the settlement only delays generic entry rather than eliminating it and remains subject to other litigations.”
ATTR-CM is a rare disease that affects the heart muscle. Patients with ATTR-CM have misfolded transthyretin, which causes the protein to build up in the heart. According to Pfizer, Vyndamax constitutes 75% of prescription volume in the disease market. The drug is the only once-daily capsule approved in the US.
The settlements also have consequences for Vyndamax’s rival Attruby (acoramidis), developed by BridgeBio and approved for ATTR-CM patients. Attruby, a pill taken twice daily, is still in the early stages of launch, having been approved in late 2024, so Pfizer’s legal action is a win for BridgeBio as it looks to establish market share. William Blair analysts believe that Attruby could even grow its patient pool over the next decade despite generics looming.
In a research note, they said: “Investors are viewing [this] as a mixed outcome for BridgeBio, despite being a clearing event and removing a key overhang on the story.
“We believe the payer market is more resilient to a generic entry than commonly perceived and accordingly believe that growth of Attruby could continue despite generic entry.”


                The gold standard of business intelligence.
            


                    Find out more
                    




Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights.
Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. 












                                                                                                                        Pharma Technology Focus : Pharmaceutical Technology Focus (monthly)                                                                                                                        








                                                                                                                                Thematic Take (monthly)                                                                                                                        







Visit our Privacy Policy for more information about our services, how we may use, process and share your personal data, including information on your rights in respect of your personal data and how you can unsubscribe from future marketing communications. Our services are intended for corporate subscribers and you warrant that the email address submitted is your corporate email address. 


View all newsletters from across the GlobalData Media network.

		The leading site for news and procurement in the pharmaceutical industry

				Powered by
				

© GlobalData Plc 2026
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
