Title: BMY's Q1 Earnings Top Estimates, Breyanzi, Camzyos Drive Sales
Date: 2026-04-30 14:29
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/healthcare/articles/bmys-q1-earnings-top-estimates-142900401.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
Powell holds what is expected to be his final press conference as chair after the Fed keeps rates steady
Fed holds interest rates steady with no end to Iran war in sight
Elon Musk testified again in the OpenAI trial, describing his behavior at the company and its nonprofit 'halo'
A Senate committee confirmed Kevin Warsh, sending his nomination to be chairman of the Fed to the full Senate
Stocks slipped at the open as investors awaited a Fed decision and Big Tech earnings
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Bristol-Myers Squibb Company BMY reported first-quarter 2026 adjusted earnings per share (EPS) of $1.58, which beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $1.44. However, the reported EPS was down 12% from $1.80 in the year-ago quarter.
Total revenues of $11.5 billion surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $10.9 billion. Revenues were up 3% from the year-ago period’s level on a reported basis.
The stock is trading down in response to the quarterly results probably due to disappointing Opdivo sales.
Nonetheless, BMY’s shares have gained 6.7% year to date against the industry's decline of 3.2%.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Revenues were down 1% year over year to $7.8 billion in the United States. International revenues increased 11% year over year to $3.7 billion.
BMY’s Growth Portfolio comprises drugs like Opdivo, Opdivo Qvantig, Orencia, Yervoy, Reblozyl, Breyanzi, Opdualag, Camzyos, Zeposia, Sotyku, Krazati and Cobenfy.
Revenues from the Growth portfolio totaled $6.2 billion, up 12% year over year, driven by Camzyos, Breyanzi and Reblozyl. Sales grew 9% when adjusted for foreign exchange impacts.
Total sales of the immuno-oncology drug Opdivo, approved for multiple cancer indications, were down 5% year over year to $2.15 billion. The figure missed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $2.22 billion and our model estimate of $2.17 billion.
Opdivo Qvantig generated sales of $163 million.
Sales of the rheumatoid arthritis drug Orencia increased 6% to $818 million.
Melanoma drug Yervoy contributed $651 million to the top line. The figure increased 4% year over year. Yervoy sales missed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $657 million but marginally beat our model estimate of $650 million.
Reblozyl sales rose 16% year over year to $555 million. Reblozyl sales missed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $590 million and our model estimate of $602 million.
Breyanzi sales surged 56% to $411 million and beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $373 million and our model estimate of $375 million.
Opdualag sales grew 17% to $295 million. The figure beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $293 million but missed our model estimate of $304 million.
Camzyos sales skyrocketed 97% to $314 million.
Sales of Zeposia totaled $118 million, up 11% year over year.
Sotyktu sales totaled $69 million. Krazati raked in sales of $50 million. The newly approved schizophrenia drug, Cobenfy, generated sales of $56 million.
Revenues for the Legacy Portfolio decreased 6% to $5.3 billion due to the continued generic impact on Revlimid, Pomalyst, Sprycel and Abraxane, which offset the increase in Eliquis sales.
Eliquis sales increased 16% year over year to $4.1 billion, driven by growth in demand. The drug is the top revenue generator for BMY. Sales beat both the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $3.8 billion and our model estimate of $3.9 billion.
Please note that Bristol-Myers has a collaboration agreement with Pfizer PFE for Eliquis. The companies collaborated in 2007. Profits and losses are shared equally on a global basis, except in certain countries where Pfizer commercializes Eliquis and pays BMY a sales-based fee.
Multiple myeloma (MM) drug Revlimid revenues plummeted 63% to $349 million due to lower demand on account of generic erosion. Sales beat both the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $241 million and our model estimate of $168 million.
MM drug Pomalyst generated sales of $513 million, down 22% year over year.
Leukemia drug Sprycel sales nosedived 58% year over year to $73 million due to generic competition.
Abraxane revenues plunged 53% to $50 million.
Adjusted gross margin decreased to 70.3% from 73.1% in the year-ago quarter due to a change in product mix. Adjusted research and development expenses were flat year over year to $2.2 billion. Adjusted marketing, selling and administrative expenses increased 2% to $1.6 billion.
BMY recorded acquired IPRD charges of $94 million in the quarter.
Bristol-Myers reiterated its annual revenue guidance of $46-$47.5 billion for 2026. The company expects adjusted earnings to be in the range of $6.05-$6.35 for the full year.
Eliquis revenues are expected to increase by 10%-15% in 2026.
The FDA approved Sotyktu for treating adults with active psoriatic arthritis (PsA). The approval is supported by positive data from the pivotal POETYK PsA-1 and POETYK PsA-2 studies, making Sotyktu the first tyrosine kinase 2 inhibitor authorized for PsA.
The regulatory body has also approved Opdivo in combination with doxorubicin, vinblastine and dacarbazine for treating adults and patients aged 12 and older with previously untreated Stage III or IV classical Hodgkin lymphoma (cHL).
Additionally, the European Commission approved Opdivo in combination with brentuximab vedotin for children aged 5 and above, adolescents and adults up to 30 years old with relapsed or refractory cHL following one prior line of therapy.
While drugs like Breyanzi, Reblozyl and Camzyos are driving top-line growth for BMY enabling it to offset generic competition for legacy drugs, the decline in Opdivo sales in the first quarter was disappointing.
Bristol Myers Squibb Company price-consensus-eps-surprise-chart | Bristol Myers Squibb Company Quote
Despite this decline, the company reiterated its annual guidance which was positive.
Bristol-Myers currently carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold).
A couple of top-ranked stocks in the drug/biotech sector are Agenus AGEN and Amarin AMRN, each sporting a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) at present. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here.
Over the past 60 days, estimates for Agenus’ 2026 earnings per share have risen from 54 cents to $1.30, while loss-per-share estimates for 2027 have narrowed from $1.91 to $1.52. AGEN shares have gained 22.3% year to date.
Agenus’ earnings beat estimates in two of the trailing four quarters, while missing the same on the remaining two occasions, with the average surprise being 31.42%.
Over the past 60 days, Amarin's loss-per-share estimates for 2026 have narrowed from $7.32 to $6.36, and the same for 2027 have narrowed from $5.97 to $4.64.
Amarin's earnings beat estimates in three of the trailing four quarters, while missing the same on the remaining occasion, with the average surprise being 50.02%.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Bristol Myers Squibb Company (BMY) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Pfizer Inc. (PFE) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Agenus Inc. (AGEN) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Amarin Corporation PLC (AMRN) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio