Title: Ahead of Pfizer (PFE) Q1 Earnings_ Get Ready With Wall Street Estimates for Key 
Date: 2026-04-30 13:15
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/ahead-pfizer-pfe-q1-earnings-131506017.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
Powell holds what is expected to be his final press conference as chair after the Fed keeps rates steady
Fed holds interest rates steady with no end to Iran war in sight
Elon Musk testified again in the OpenAI trial, describing his behavior at the company and its nonprofit 'halo'
A Senate committee confirmed Kevin Warsh, sending his nomination to be chairman of the Fed to the full Senate
Stocks slipped at the open as investors awaited a Fed decision and Big Tech earnings
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Wall Street analysts expect Pfizer (PFE) to post quarterly earnings of $0.74 per share in its upcoming report, which indicates a year-over-year decline of 19.6%. Revenues are expected to be $13.82 billion, up 0.8% from the year-ago quarter.
The consensus EPS estimate for the quarter has been revised 1.7% lower over the last 30 days to the current level. This reflects how the analysts covering the stock have collectively reevaluated their initial estimates during this timeframe.
Before a company reveals its earnings, it is vital to take into account any changes in earnings projections. These revisions play a pivotal role in predicting the possible reactions of investors toward the stock. Multiple empirical studies have consistently shown a strong association between trends in earnings estimates and the short-term price movements of a stock.
While it's common for investors to rely on consensus earnings and revenue estimates for assessing how the business may have performed during the quarter, exploring analysts' forecasts for key metrics can yield valuable insights.
With that in mind, let's delve into the average projections of some Pfizer metrics that are commonly tracked and projected by analysts on Wall Street.
It is projected by analysts that the 'Revenues- Oncology- Ibrance- Worldwide' will reach $944.40 million. The estimate points to a change of -3.3% from the year-ago quarter.
Analysts expect 'Revenues- Specialty Care- Xeljanz- Worldwide' to come in at $148.62 million. The estimate indicates a change of +16.1% from the prior-year quarter.
Analysts forecast 'Revenues- Specialty Care- Inflectra- Worldwide' to reach $124.19 million. The estimate points to a change of -18.8% from the year-ago quarter.
Based on the collective assessment of analysts, 'Revenues- Primary Care- Eliquis- Worldwide' should arrive at $1.85 billion. The estimate suggests a change of -3.8% year over year.
The collective assessment of analysts points to an estimated 'Revenues- Oncology- Ibrance- United States' of $635.94 million. The estimate indicates a year-over-year change of -3.5%.
Analysts' assessment points toward 'Revenues- Specialty Care- Xeljanz- Total International' reaching $96.12 million. The estimate points to a change of -11% from the year-ago quarter.
The consensus estimate for 'Revenues- Oncology- Xtandi- United States' stands at $493.13 million. The estimate points to a change of +7.7% from the year-ago quarter.
According to the collective judgment of analysts, 'Revenues- Specialty Care- Inflectra- United States' should come in at $100.94 million. The estimate points to a change of -2% from the year-ago quarter.
Analysts predict that the 'Revenues- Specialty Care- Inflectra- Total International' will reach $23.25 million. The estimate points to a change of -53.5% from the year-ago quarter.
The consensus among analysts is that 'Revenues- Pfizer CentreOne- United States' will reach $70.92 million. The estimate points to a change of -1.5% from the year-ago quarter.
The combined assessment of analysts suggests that 'Revenues- Pfizer CentreOne- Total International' will likely reach $189.63 million. The estimate suggests a change of +2.5% year over year.
The average prediction of analysts places 'Revenues- Primary Care- Eliquis- Total International' at $655.20 million. The estimate suggests a change of +5% year over year.
View all Key Company Metrics for Pfizer here>>>
Shares of Pfizer have demonstrated returns of -8% over the past month compared to the Zacks S&P 500 composite's +12.2% change. With a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold), PFE is expected to mirror the overall market performance in the near future. You can see the complete list of today's Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) stocks here >>>> .
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Pfizer Inc. (PFE) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio