Title: Why Halliburton (HAL) Stock Is Up Today
Date: 2026-04-23 01:25
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/why-halliburton-hal-stock-today-012523532.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
Powell holds what is expected to be his final press conference as chair after the Fed keeps rates steady
Fed holds interest rates steady with no end to Iran war in sight
Elon Musk testified again in the OpenAI trial, describing his behavior at the company and its nonprofit 'halo'
A Senate committee confirmed Kevin Warsh, sending his nomination to be chairman of the Fed to the full Senate
Stocks slipped at the open as investors awaited a Fed decision and Big Tech earnings
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Shares of oilfield services company Halliburton (NYSE:HAL) jumped 3.3% in the afternoon session after the stock continued to rally as the company posted better-than-expected first-quarter 2026 financial results, which prompted an analyst upgrade.
The oilfield services company reported revenue of $5.4 billion and a profit of $0.55 per share, surpassing analyst consensus estimates. The strong performance was underpinned by share repurchases of approximately $100 million during the quarter. The positive sentiment was further supported by a broader industry trend, as rising oil prices bolstered the sector. Brent crude futures, a key international oil benchmark, traded above $100 a barrel, adding to investor confidence in the energy services market.
What were Halliburton's key financial metrics this quarter?
What drove Halliburton's better-than-expected Q1 2026 results?
How did rising oil prices impact Halliburton's stock?
How has Halliburton's stock performed year-to-date in 2026?
After the initial pop the shares cooled down to $39.10, up 2.2% from previous close.
Is now the time to buy Halliburton? Access our full analysis report here, it’s free.
Halliburton’s shares are not very volatile and have only had 8 moves greater than 5% over the last year. In that context, today’s move indicates the market considers this news meaningful, although it might not be something that would fundamentally change its perception of the business.
The previous big move we wrote about was 1 day ago when the stock gained 4% on the news that the company reported first-quarter 2026 results that surpassed Wall Street's expectations.
The company posted an adjusted profit of $0.55 per share, beating analysts' consensus estimates by 10.6%. While revenue was flat year-on-year at $5.4 billion, it still topped forecasts by 1.9%. Halliburton also demonstrated improved profitability, with its operating margin expanding to 12.6% from 8% in the same quarter last year. Similarly, its adjusted EBITDA of $974 million came in 3.1% ahead of expectations. Overall, the solid top- and bottom-line beats signaled a strong start to the year for the company, boosting investor confidence.
Halliburton is up 32.1% since the beginning of the year, and at $39.10 per share, it is trading close to its 52-week high of $40.42 from March 2026. Investors who bought $1,000 worth of Halliburton’s shares 5 years ago would now be looking at an investment worth $2,034.
WHILE YOU’RE HERE: The Next Palantir? One satellite company captures images of every point on Earth. Every single day. The Pentagon wants it. Hedge funds are using it to beat earnings. You’ve probably never heard of it.
This is what the early days of Palantir looked like before it became a $437 billion giant. Same playbook. Different technology. If you missed Palantir, you need to see this. Claim The Stock Ticker for Free HERE.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio