Title: Fathom Secures Strategic Investment From CVS Health Ventures to Accelerate Enterprise-Wide Autonomous Coding
Date: 2026-05-04 17:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/healthcare/articles/fathom-secures-strategic-investment-cvs-160000676.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap. Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin) Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know. Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week. April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation. Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower' The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it) Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience' Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press) Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war. If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans. The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020 The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year. Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed Powell holds what is expected to be his final press conference as chair after the Fed keeps rates steady Fed holds interest rates steady with no end to Iran war in sight Elon Musk testified again in the OpenAI trial, describing his behavior at the company and its nonprofit 'halo' A Senate committee confirmed Kevin Warsh, sending his nomination to be chairman of the Fed to the full Senate Stocks slipped at the open as investors awaited a Fed decision and Big Tech earnings The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1 The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings. The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs. Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early. SAN FRANCISCO, May 04, 2026--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Fathom, a leader in autonomous medical coding, has announced a strategic investment from CVS Health Ventures, the venture capital arm of CVS Health. The funding reflects growing demand from both payers and providers for enterprise AI that delivers measurable financial and operational impact across revenue cycle management. The investment comes as AI adoption in revenue cycle management has reached an inflection point of demonstrable value, and is a natural extension of CVS Health’s enterprise commitment to being a partner of choice for providers. The Bain & Company 2025 Provider and Payer Healthcare IT Survey, written in partnership with KLAS Research, found that revenue cycle management had risen to the top priority for health IT investment. At a Health Management Academy briefing in December 2025, executives from leading health systems that have implemented autonomous coding discussed the tangible ROI they've captured. These leaders' outcomes added to a growing base of organizations across the healthcare ecosystem – both health systems and payers – that are adopting Fathom's platform. "Fathom is already delivering real, measurable ROI at a time when the entire ecosystem is facing significant cost pressures," said Carter Prince, Partner, CVS Health Ventures. "We believe Fathom’s accuracy has potential to become a trusted, consistent, and neutral representation of the care delivered, creating new opportunities to reimagine and strengthen payer-provider relationships." Central to Fathom's differentiation is its multi-specialty approach, which enables health systems to deploy autonomous coding with 90%+ successful automation rates across departments in one motion rather than navigating antiquated department-by-department AI rollouts that are sluggish and IT resource-intensive. This system-wide implementation model delivers fast, light-lift ROI with immediate operating margin impact. "CFOs and revenue cycle leaders across the country are demanding real ROI stories from AI, and autonomous coding is delivering," said Andrew Lockhart, CEO of Fathom. "By increasing efficiency through higher coding accuracy and consistency, we are not only improving patient and provider experience of care, we're proving that AI can be a true catalyst for financial performance at enterprise scale. This investment from CVS Health Ventures supports the momentum we're seeing and accelerates our ability to serve the growing demand from providers and health plans nationwide." Fathom was recently recognized as the #1 solution for Reducing the Cost of Care in the 2025 KLAS Emerging Solutions Top 20 Report, following a 95.5*/100 overall performance score in KLAS Research's first-ever autonomous coding report ("Autonomous Coding 2025: A Promising Start for an Early Market," August 2025; *limited data). In an earlier KLAS Emerging Company Spotlight report (September 2024), 100%* of customers interviewed expressed the highest level of satisfaction and unanimously validated Fathom's 90%+* automation rates at high accuracy. Meet Fathom and hear firsthand from select clients at the HFMA Annual Conference (June 7-10, National Harbor, Md.), Becker's 11th Annual Health IT + Digital Health + RCM Conference (Sept. 14-17, Chicago), and Becker's 14th Annual CEO + CFO Roundtable (Nov. 2-5, Chicago), and more this year. To learn more about Fathom's autonomous medical coding platform, visit fathomhealth.com. About Fathom Fathom is the nation's leading autonomous medical coding platform, an AI solution that fuses the best of deep learning and natural language processing to automate medical coding with unprecedented accuracy and efficiency. Fathom provides the highest automation rates and the broadest specialty coverage to help clients increase accuracy and speed while reducing costs. Fathom is backed by world-class investors, including 8VC, Alkeon Capital, Cedars-Sinai, CVS Health Ventures, Founders Fund, GV, Lightspeed Venture Partners, and Tarsadia. For more information, visit fathomhealth.com and follow the company on LinkedIn. View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20260504086674/en/ Contacts Fathom Media Contacts:Austin Wardaustin@fathomhealth.com 888-779-2088 Weʼre unable to load stories right now. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio