Title: Truist Reduces PT on Meta Platforms (META) Stock
Date: 2026-05-04 19:11
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/truist-reduces-pt-meta-platforms-191115702.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) is one of the Most Promising AI Stocks to Invest In. On April 30, Truist reduced its price objective on the company’s stock to $840 from $900, while keeping a “Buy” rating on the shares. The analyst believes that Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) posted stronger-than-expected results for Q1 2026 and gave in-line guidance for Q2 2026. This reflects strong ad demand thanks to the AI improvements throughout ad recommendations, monetization, and user engagement.
Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) has been growing at more than double the rate of the broader advertising market amidst strong demand throughout geographies, verticals, and customer sizes. This offers a favourable setup for FY 2026. Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) stated that its ad impressions delivered across the Family of Apps rose 19% YoY, with average price per ad rising 12% YoY.
Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) expects FY 2026 capital expenditures, including principal payments on finance leases, of between $125 billion – $145 billion, an increase from the previous range of $115 billion – $135 billion.
Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) is a U.S. technology company focused on social media, digital advertising, and virtual reality.
While we acknowledge the potential of META as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock.
READ NEXT: 10 Best FMCG Stocks to Invest In According to Analysts and 11 Best Long-Term Tech Stocks to Buy According to Analysts.
Disclosure: None. Follow Insider Monkey on Google News.
