Title: Imperial Oil cuts 130 jobs as it continues a painful restructuring
Date: 2026-05-02 12:16
URL: https://financialpost.com/commodities/energy/oil-gas/imperial-oil-cuts-130-jobs-restructuring?.tsrc=rss
Content:
The move is part of its broader plan to move its headquarters outside of Calgary in the coming years You can save this article by registering for freehere. Orsign-inif you have an account. Calgary-basedImperial Oil Ltd.says it cut 130 jobs in the first three months of the year as part of its broader restructuring plan to move its headquarters outside of the oilpatch capital in the coming years. Subscribe now to read the latest news in your city and across Canada. Subscribe now to read the latest news in your city and across Canada. Create an account or sign in to continue with your reading experience. Create an account or sign in to continue with your reading experience. Imperial, majority owned byExxonMobil Corp., announced last fall it was selling its sprawling headquarters in southeast Calgary, cutting 900 jobs and moving roles to various locations around the world. On a quarterly earnings call Friday, Imperial chief executive John Whelan said the restructuring was “progressing well.” He said about 40 per cent of the job cuts will come from finding efficiencies, while the remaining 60 per cent will involve outsourcing work to ExxonMobil’s global hubs in places like Houston, Texas, and India. Get the latest headlines, breaking news and columns. By signing up you consent to receive the above newsletter from Postmedia Network Inc. A welcome email is on its way. If you don't see it, please check your junk folder. The next issue of Top Stories will soon be in your inbox. We encountered an issue signing you up. Please try again Interested in more newsletters?Browse here. “As we move these workflows into global capability centers, we see greater opportunity, (with) AI, machine learning and so on, to further automate those workflows,” Whalen said on the analyst call. “We’re going to be able to do that more quickly and at scale.” The company is slashing costs at a time whenconflict in the Middle Easthas drivenoil pricesabove US$100 per barrel. Imperial is among an early batch of oilpatch producers to reveal earnings for the first quarter, which ended in March, the first full month of the conflict that created a global energy crisis. Imperial reported $940 million in profits, down from nearly $1.3 billion a year earlier. Profits took a hit partly because of a dramatic runup in the company’s stock price, a rally that continued with the war in Iran. Part of the company’s compensation package for executives is linked to its share price — when the price goes up, so does the value of compensation. The company’s stock rose by close to 50 per cent during the first few months of the year, resulting in “higher incentive compensation charges,” which weighed on profits, said Daniel Lyons, senior vice-president of finance and administration. The charges amounted to $143 million after tax, Lyons said. Imperial also faced a number of operational challenges during the quarter, with its refineries operating at 88 per cent of capacity, down from 91 per cent a year earlier, partly due to unplanned downtime. Imperial said it returned $350 million to shareholders through dividend payments during the quarter. But its share price dropped by four per cent on its earnings report Friday. rsouthwick@postmedia.com Postmedia is committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion. Please keep comments relevant and respectful. Comments may take up to an hour to appear on the site. You will receive an email if there is a reply to your comment, an update to a thread you follow or if a user you follow comments. Visit ourCommunity Guidelinesfor more information.
