Title: How Buying NuScale Power Stock Today Could 10X Your Net Worth
Date: 2026-04-09 00:25
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/08/how-buying-nuscale-power-stock-today-could-10x-yo/?.tsrc=rss
------------------------------
NuScale Power stock is benefiting directly from the AI revolution.
It's not often that a global $10 trillion opportunity comes along. But that's exactly what analysts and Bank of America believe is happening for nuclear energy right now.
And when you look even closer, there's reason to believe nuclear stocks like NuScale Power (SMR +7.64%) will be major beneficiaries -- so much so that your portfolio could rise 1,000% in value from this opportunity alone. But before you buy shares, it's important to understand the details. 
Image source: Getty Images.
In 1950, electricity generation in the U.S. totaled around 400MWh. In 2007, generation reached a peak of 4,175MWh. Between 1950 and 2007, the trajectory was almost a perfectly straight upward arrow. But then something strange happened. Between 2007 and 2018, total electricity generation plateaued. For more than a decade, demand growth totaled roughly 0% -- a huge departure from the previous 60 years. 
Slowing population growth and a greater emphasis on energy efficiency were largely to credit. Flatlining electricity generation, therefore, matched flatlining demand. That flatlining, however, is now a thing of the past. From 2024 to 2030, electricity demand in the U.S. is expected to grow by 4% annually. Leading the charge is the artificial intelligence (AI) sector, which is expected to grow from 4.3% of the nation's total electric demand to 11.7%. 
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Previously flatlined electricity demand has largely left electric utilities flatfooted. Across the country, there is now a race to get new, low-carbon energy sources online to power the AI revolution. Companies like SpaceX are even exploring building AI data centers in space, partly to take advantage of limitless solar energy. Those efforts are still largely theoretical, however. Nuclear stocks like NuScale Power may have a much clearer path to adoption. And there's already plenty of market proof points.
NuScale Power is developing what are called small modular reactors, or SMRs. This is an approach to nuclear that, at least on paper, can lower initial building costs, shorten deployment times, and allow for future modules to be built. In short, SMRs are mini nuclear power plants with certain advantages, chief of which is the ability to deploy quickly and at a lower initial expense compared to larger conventional nuclear systems.
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name. 
NuScale Power isn't alone in this pursuit. Other diversified industrial conglomerates are also pursuing SMRs as well as other pure-play SMR companies like Oklo Inc., which has already secured several large data center contracts. 
As mentioned, Bank of America believes the nuclear renaissance -- a renaissance largely built to serve the growing energy needs of the AI sector -- will be worth up to $10 trillion globally. With a market cap of just $3.5 billion, the upside potential for NuScale Power is clear.
But note that Bank of America sees this opportunity playing out over a period of 30 to 35 years, with SMRs sharing the potential spending with other forms of nuclear, including conventional nuclear plants. So while stocks like NuScale Power and Oklo are true "millionaire-maker" stocks, know that the holding period will be incredibly long, with a huge amount of execution uncertainty along the way. 
Before you buy stock in NuScale Power, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and NuScale Power wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $532,929!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,091,848!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 928% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 186% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2026. 
Bank of America is an advertising partner of Motley Fool Money. Ryan Vanzo has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends NuScale Power. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 35 Amazons.
What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool