Title: Why Amazon Stock Jumped Today
Date: 2026-04-09 01:53
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/08/why-amazon-stock-jumped-today/?.tsrc=rss
------------------------------
Investors who buy shares now could enjoy gains of up to 45%, according to one analyst.
Shares of Amazon.com (AMZN +3.50%) climbed on Wednesday, following several positive developments.
Image source: The Motley Fool.
The U.S. and Iran agreed to a two-week ceasefire that will reportedly allow shipping through the Strait of Hormuz to resume. Roughly 20% of global oil and natural gas shipments flow through this vital waterway. Energy prices declined on the news as concerns about long-term supply disruptions eased. 
Energy is a key input to Amazon's cost structure. Although the e-commerce giant is investing aggressively in electric vehicles (EVs), gasoline-powered vans and compressed natural gas (CNG)-fueled trucks still comprise a significant portion of its delivery fleet. These fuel prices thus have a direct impact on Amazon's shipping costs. When they fall, the online retail titan's profits rise.
Additionally, gas-fired power plants are a key source of electricity for Amazon's sprawling data center network. Lower natural gas prices could help to keep a lid on electricity prices. That, in turn, would help to preserve Amazon's increasingly important cloud computing profit margins.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Amazon's stock likely also received a boost from positive remarks from BNP Paribas analyst Nick Jones. 
Investors are overly concerned about Amazon's projected $200 billion in capital expenditures in 2026 -- and not fully appreciating the artificial intelligence (AI)-driven revenue gains this spending will enable, according to Jones.
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name. 
Jones, in contrast, sees Amazon's share price rising approximately 45% to $320, fueled by a surge in AI-related computing demand. 
Ever feel like you missed the boat in buying the most successful stocks? Then you’ll want to hear this.
On occasion, our expert team of analysts issues a “Double Down” stock recommendation for companies that they think are about to pop. If you’re worried you’ve already missed your chance to invest, now is the best time to buy before it’s too late. And the numbers speak for themselves:
Right now, we’re issuing “Double Down” alerts for three incredible companies, available when you join Stock Advisor, and there may not be another chance like this anytime soon.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2026. 
Joe Tenebruso has positions in Amazon. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Amazon. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 35 Amazons.
What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool