Title: The Best Way to Invest in SpaceX Before Its IPO
Date: 2026-04-09 00:49
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/08/the-best-way-to-invest-in-spacex-before-its-ipo/?.tsrc=rss
------------------------------
Aphabet has made a ton of money from its SpaceX investment.
SpaceX has filed to go public, reportedly targeting a valuation of more than $2 trillion. That would easily make it the largest initial public offering (IPO) in history. If it achieves exactly a $2 trillion valuation, that would make it the sixth-largest public company in the world, right behind Amazon (AMZN +3.50%). 
Nobody knows what the appetite for the SpaceX IPO will be, and if the stock price rockets higher, investors won't want to miss out on the potential for gains. While there may be some ways to purchase private shares through certain platforms, there's only one surefire way for retail investors to invest in SpaceX before its IPO: Put money into Alphabet (GOOG +3.44%) (GOOGL +3.71%).
Image source: Getty Images.
Alphabet has long been known for investing in companies that it believes in, and has made some successful investments over its history. However, none will likely outperform its SpaceX investment. Back in 2015, Alphabet invested $900 million for about a 7.5% stake in the business. If SpaceX goes public at a $2 trillion valuation, that investment will be worth $150 billion. That's about a 166-fold profit, making it one of the best investments Alphabet could have made at that time. 
With all this in mind, Alphabet will have a tough decision to make. Hold onto its investment or take profits and sell the shares to eager investors? I could see it going either way.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
If it holds its shares, it shows it is invested in SpaceX's future and aligned with its ambitious plans. If it sells, that may not be because management doesn't believe in the company, but rather because it wants the money to spend on other items, such as artificial intelligence (AI) infrastructure.
Alphabet is deadlocked in a battle for AI supremacy with a host of opponents, and any cash it can dedicate to increasing its cloud computing footprint and attracting more clients will likely be money well spent. Nobody knows for sure what the returns on investment for AI infrastructure will be, but if Alphabet can capture a majority of AI clients by adding more hyperscale data centers, then it could make selling SpaceX stock worth it.
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name. 
Regardless, if you want to invest in SpaceX ahead of the IPO, I think Alphabet is the best way to do it. You'll get the upside of a potentially higher SpaceX stock pre-IPO price, as well as the upside of Alphabet's AI prowess. That's a win-win combination, and with Alphabet's stock down around 15% from its all-time high, now could be a perfect time to buy. 
Before you buy stock in Alphabet, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Alphabet wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $532,929!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,091,848!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 928% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 186% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2026. 
Keithen Drury has positions in Alphabet and Amazon. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Alphabet and Amazon. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 18 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 18 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool