Title: Prediction: This AI Stock Will Join the S&P 500 Before Year-End
Date: 2026-04-09 04:20
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/09/prediction-this-ai-stock-will-join-the-sp-500-befo/?.tsrc=rss
------------------------------
It's been big enough for a while now, but more than that, it's at the heart of a crucial aspect of the U.S. economy's future.
A stock doesn't necessarily need to be a component of the S&P 500 index (^GSPC +2.51%) to be worth owning. Inclusion in the well-known barometer of the U.S. equity market, however, is still a great sign that a company has grown into a well-established name with real staying power. It also doesn't hurt that being added to the index dramatically increases a stock's institutional ownership, which is bullish in its own right.
To this end, there's one curious company that's not yet a part of the S&P 500, but very well could be before the end of the year. That company is artificial intelligence (AI) robotics outfit Symbotic (SYM +5.76%).
Here's what you need to know about it.
Industrial robots are nothing new. The advent of artificial intelligence (AI), of course, has allowed robotics to enter a whole new era ... one in which they can operate autonomously without sacrificing accuracy or precision.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Symbotic is one of the few names in the business that has seamlessly melded the two technologies into one. Its robotic arms, conveyer belts, and self-driving carrying carts can fully automate warehouses.
Image source: Getty Images.
And they have. While retailer Walmart is its biggest customer (not to mention developmental partner and major shareholder), Albertsons, Target, and others are also using its tech. Symbotic sold and serviced $2.2 billion worth of robotics last year, up 25% year over year.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 928%* — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 186% for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now, available when you join Stock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2026. 
Although it's still technically operating in the red, there's a light at the end of the tunnel, so to speak. An outlook from Precedence Research suggests the worldwide AI robotics industry is set to grow at an average annual pace of nearly 21% through 2034, when it will be worth nearly $50 billion per year. Symbotic is well positioned to capture at least its fair share of this growth, which should be more than enough to push it out of the red and into the black well before the end of this time frame.
That's what investors seem to be counting on, anyway, pushing this pre-profit company's market cap up to more than $30 billion right now.
Inclusion in the S&P 500 isn't just a matter of market cap, of course. Standard & Poor's hand-picks the index's constituents to ensure they're also a fair, collective cross-section of the American economy's most resilient companies at any given time.
Given the economy's evolution into an AI-powered one that leans heavily on autonomous automation, though, Symbotic is very much a key component of this cross-section of American companies.
It's certainly big enough in the meantime anyway. Standard & Poor's current minimum market cap for being an S&P 500 stock is only $22.7 billion. Given that Symbotic's market capitalization has been consistently greater than that mark since the middle of last year, at the very least, this quantifiable criterion has been more than met.
Before you buy stock in Symbotic, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Symbotic wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $532,929!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,091,848!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 928% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 186% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2026. 
James Brumley has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Symbotic, Target, and Walmart. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 55 Metas.
What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool