Title: BNY gives its employees a homeownership hand-up
Date: 2026-04-09 11:37
URL: https://www.bankingdive.com/news/bny-6500-down-payment-assistance-employees-homeownership/817088/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
  

                
                    
                        Let Banking Dive’s free newsletter keep you informed, straight from your inbox.
                    
                
            

The bank is offering $6,500 in down payment assistance to employees who make $100,000 or less a year. BNY in recent years raised its minimum wage and offered company stock to its lowest-paid workers.
Add homeownership benefits to the list of hand-ups BNY is offering its lowest-paid workers.
The nation’s oldest bank, in recent years, has made a habit of giving 10 shares of company stock to all eligible new employees. It also, relatively quietly, beat Bank of America to a long-publicized goal of raising its minimum wage to $25 an hour.
Now, BNY is offering $6,500 in down payment assistance to bank employees who make $100,000 a year or less, to be used toward the purchase of their first home, according to a Wednesday release.
“Homeownership is a pathway to financial security and economic prosperity, and we’re committed to helping our people reach it,” BNY CEO Robin Vince said Wednesday in a statement. “By offering benefits that strengthen financial wellness and family stability, we are investing in our employees and the communities we serve — helping build a more resilient economy.”
All of BNY’s U.S. employees will have access to on-demand digital homeowner education and live seminars through a third party, covering subjects such as budgeting, credit readiness, mortgage options, closing costs and long-term planning, the bank said. Employees can also access mortgage origination and benefits enabled by BNY and provided by a third party, the bank said.
“BNY has made a strong commitment to making all employees feel a part of BNY’s growth journey,” the bank said in a Wednesday press release. “The new homeowner program complements this commitment and BNY’s broader suite of holistic, leading benefits that aim to enhance financial well-being for employees across every life stage.”
In the release, the bank also touted its support of affordable housing development in the U.S. through nearly $3 billion in loans, investments and mortgage-backed security purchases since 2023.
Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts
Lenders are clamoring to realize the benefits of AI, but it’s “a long, expensive and risk-constrained transformation,” Wells Fargo’s Mike Mayo said.
Speaking about his bank’s post-asset cap outlook, Wells CEO Charlie Scharf called AI a “positive reality,” but hinted at fourth-quarter job cuts.
Subscribe to Banking Dive for top news, trends & analysis
Sign up for the free  newsletter. 

                Interested? Explore more of what  has to offer.
            

            Thanks for signing up!
            Please keep an eye out for a confirmation email from
            newsletter@ittnewsletter.com
            To ensure we make it into your inbox regularly,
            add us to your allow list, mark us as a safe sender, or add us to your address book.
            Check out more from
            

Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts
Lenders are clamoring to realize the benefits of AI, but it’s “a long, expensive and risk-constrained transformation,” Wells Fargo’s Mike Mayo said.
Speaking about his bank’s post-asset cap outlook, Wells CEO Charlie Scharf called AI a “positive reality,” but hinted at fourth-quarter job cuts.
The free newsletter covering the top industry headlines
