Title: Top Research Reports for UnitedHealth, Morgan Stanley & RTX
Date: 2026-04-23 20:34
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/top-research-reports-unitedhealth-morgan-203400243.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude. 
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
Allbirds' AI pivot shows signs of froth in markets, but experts say the underlying fundamentals in AI remain strong.
Dow leaps 850 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch new records in stunning rally amid US-Iran diplomacy hopes
Stocks climbed at the open and oil fell as Iran said the Strait of Hormuz is 'completely open'
The stock market has notched one of its fastest turnarounds in years
Europe is facing a severe jet fuel shortage, with 'maybe six weeks of jet fuel left'
Stocks rebound after Trump says Israel, Lebanon agreed to ceasefire
S&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq rise, with fresh records in view amid hopes for truce
Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions
S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses
The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company
S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled
Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher
US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI
JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks'
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Thursday, April 23, 2026The Zacks Research Daily presents the best research output of our analyst team. Today's Research Daily features new research reports on 16 major stocks, including UnitedHealth Group Inc. (UNH), Morgan Stanley (MS) and RTX Corp. (RTX), as well as two micro-cap stocks United Homes Group, Inc. (UHG) and Motorsport Games Inc. (MSGM). The Zacks microcap research is unique as our research content on these small and under-the-radar companies is the only research of its type in the country.These research reports have been hand-picked from the roughly 70 reports published by our analyst team today.You can see all of today’s research reports here >>>Ahead of Wall StreetThe daily 'Ahead of Wall Street' article is a must-read for all investors who would like to be ready for that day's trading action. The article comes out before the market opens, attempting to make sense of that morning's economic releases and how they will affect that day's market action. You can read this article for free on our home page and can actually sign up there to get an email notification as this article comes out each morning.You can read today's AWS here >>> Jobless Claims Move Up Slightly, Pre-Markets Move DownToday's Featured Research ReportsShares of UnitedHealth have declined -0.6% over the past six months against the Zacks Medical - HMOs industry’s decline of -3.4%. The company is facing rising medical costs, which continue to pressure margins, reflected in an elevated MCR despite recent improvement, while elevated debt and interest expenses strain financial flexibility. It is currently overvalued compared with the industry. As such, we have a neutral recommendation.Nevertheless, UnitedHealth’s first-quarter earnings beat estimates. It has shown steady revenue growth, driven by Optum and UnitedHealthcare. Its strong market position and expansion initiatives, amid rising healthcare demand, support long-term growth. UnitedHealth expects total revenues to be over $439 billion in 2026. Optum remains a key driver via pharmacy services, tech integration and government solutions. Commercial membership also grew for UNH, aiding margins despite headwinds in government programs. Robust cash generation supports shareholder returns and financial flexibility. (You can read the full research report on UnitedHealth here >>>)Morgan Stanley’s shares have outperformed the Zacks Financial - Investment Bank industry over the past six months (+17.4% vs. +6.2%). The company’s first-quarter 2026 results showed capital markets strength. Increased focus on asset and wealth management operations, along with its strategic alliances and acquisitions, will support its top line. The EquityZen acquisition broadens private markets capabilities and should deepen client relationships over time. The performance of the investment banking (IB) business will continue to be driven by a strong pipeline, resilient M&A demand, lower rates and the company’s global footprint. Its efficient capital distributions reflect a solid balance sheet. However, expenses will remain elevated due to expansion and tech investments. While trading revenues have been rising, growth in the same might become challenging in the future due to the volatile nature of the business.(You can read the full research report on Morgan Stanley here >>>)Shares of RTX have outperformed the Zacks Aerospace - Defense industry over the past six months (+2.1% vs. -7.6%). The company’s first-quarter 2026 earnings beat expectations. It continues to receive ample orders for its wide range of combat-proven defense products from the Pentagon and its foreign allies. Steadily improving global commercial air traffic boosts the company's sales. Strong volumes and a favorable mix across large commercial engines and Pratt Canada operations are expected to support the company’s growth momentum in the commercial aerospace market. This resulted in RTX registering a backlog of $271 billion as of March 31, 2026. Yet, the uncertainties created by the recent imposition of U.S. government-issued import tariffs pose a risk for RTX. Supply-chain challenges continue to affect the aerospace sector, which may adversely impact RTX.(You can read the full research report on RTX here >>>)United Homes Group’s shares have underperformed the Zacks Real Estate - Development industry over the past six months (-32.4% vs. -0.1%). This microcap company with market capitalization of $69.42 million has seen its volumes, orders and EBITDA decline, reflecting weak demand, rising cancelations and reliance on incentives, constraining operating leverage. Cash usage and leverage remain elevated, increasing rate sensitivity. A pending merger provides near-term value clarity but adds execution risk. Valuation suggests the market is pricing in sustained demand softness, margin pressure and execution risk, while assigning limited credit to longer-term margin expansion.Nevertheless, Product repositioning and cost reengineering are supporting structural margin resilience, with margins expanding despite heavier discounting, driven by lower build costs and design standardization. Southeast exposure aligns with migration and affordability tailwinds, while pricing remains stable. Backlog growth improves visibility, and a land-light model limits capital risk and enhances flexibility. (You can read the full research report on United Homes Group here >>>)Shares of Motorsport Games have outperformed the Zacks Gaming industry over the past six months (+67.8% vs. -23.5%). This microcap company with a market capitalization of $21.73 million has its investment case centered on a flagship racing title that has evolved into a durable monetization platform through ongoing content updates and a growing subscription ecosystem. Strong digital mix and disciplined cost control are driving margin expansion and improving operating leverage, while enhanced liquidity provides flexibility to fund platform expansion and new development. Engagement-led growth, supported by competitive features and community infrastructure, reinforces recurring revenue potential and user retention. However, risks stem from heavy reliance on a single franchise and key distribution channels, alongside exposure to licensing commitments and execution demands tied to multi-platform expansion. Earnings sustainability increasingly depends on continued content success and subscription growth, while potential dilution and financing constraints could limit shareholder upside.(You can read the full research report on Motorsport Games here >>>)Other noteworthy reports we are featuring today include Arista Networks, Inc. (ANET), Sandisk Corp. (SNDK) and The Travelers Companies, Inc. (TRV).Mark VickerySenior EditorNote: Sheraz Mian heads the Zacks Equity Research department and is a well-regarded expert of aggregate earnings. He is frequently quoted in the print and electronic media and publishes the weekly Earnings Trends and Earnings Preview reports. If you want an email notification each time Sheraz publishes a new article, please click here>>>
Today's Must Read
UnitedHealth (UNH) Rides On Solid Optum Business, Rising Costs Hurt
Capital Markets and Wealth Strength Aids Morgan Stanley(MS), Costs Ail
Solid Order Growth Supports RTX Amid Supply Chain Disruptions
Featured Reports
Arista (ANET) Rides on Solid Traction in AI Networking VerticalPer the Zacks analyst, strong demand for datacenter and campus gigabit ethernet switches will likely drive Arista's top line. Strong growth in cash flow is a positive.
Strong Renewal Rate Change, Retention Aid Travelers (TRV)Per the Zacks analyst, Travelers is set to gain from continued strong renewal rate change and retention and increase in new business. Yet, exposure to cat loss inducing underwriting volatility ails.
Tapestry (TPR) Coach Brand Demand and Gen Z Drive GrowthPer the Zacks analyst, Tapestry's strong demand across regions and rising Gen Z engagement helped Coach add a record 2.9 million customers, reinforcing its path toward a $10-billion brand.
Biogen's (BIIB) Multiple Sclerosis Sales Fall, New Drugs Aid GrowthSales of multiple sclerosis drugs and Spinraza are declining due to competitive pressure. The Zacks analyst believes Biogen's new products like Leqembi, Skyclarys and Zurzuvae can help revive growth.
Dividends and Buyback Aid C.H. Robinson (CHRW) Amid High DebtPer the Zacks Analyst, C.H. Robinson's measures to reward shareholders through dividends and share buybacks are encouraging. High debt remains a concern.
Strong Flow Technologies Unit Drives ITT, High Costs HurtPer the Zacks analyst, ITT gains from strength in the Flow Technologies unit, led by higher sales of pumps and valves within the energy and industrial markets. High operating costs remain a woe.
Cost Savings Initiatives an Pricing Aids MascojQuery's (MAS), Macro woes AilPer the Zacks analyst, Masco gains from pricing, cost actions and brand strength, supporting growth in a soft market. However, tariffs, uneven demand and pricing reliance remain concerns.
New Upgrades
Sandisk's (SNDK) Prospects Rides on Strong AI-Driven Memory DemandPer the Zacks analyst, Sandisk is benefiting from strong AI-led memory demand along with higher pricing and mix shift towards data center SSDs.
Cenovus' (CVE) Advancing Key Projects To Drive Production GrowthPer the Zacks analyst, Cenovus targets production growth, driven by key organic growth projects including the West White Rose project within its asset portfolio.
New Product Launches, Strong Solvency Aid Globus Medical (GMED)The Zacks Analyst is impressed with Globus Medical's strong R and D efforts, with product launches surging post-NuVasive integration. Also, the company's debt-free balance sheet is encouraging.
New Downgrades
Alibaba (BABA) Faces Slowing Growth Amid Rising CompetitionPer the Zacks analyst, Alibaba is seeing weaker monetization, rising competition and cloud headwinds, though its strong ecosystem and cash flows support long-term growth potential.
MercadoLibre (MELI) Faces Macro Headwinds Amid Rising Cost PressuresPer the Zacks analyst, MercadoLibre is facing macro volatility, margin compression and credit quality risks, while rising competition makes its competitive advantages more costly to defend over time.
QuidelOrtho (QDEL) Faces Solvency Issues, Competition and Policy RiskPer the Zacks Analyst, QuidelOrtho (QDEL) faces stiff competition, weak solvency, and reimbursement uncertainties, though strong product sales and lab potential offer cautious optimism.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Morgan Stanley (MS) : Free Stock Analysis Report
UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (UNH) : Free Stock Analysis Report
The Travelers Companies, Inc. (TRV) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Sandisk Corporation (SNDK) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Arista Networks, Inc. (ANET) : Free Stock Analysis Report
RTX Corporation (RTX) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Motorsport Games Inc. (MSGM) : Free Stock Analysis Report
United Homes Group, Inc. (UHG): Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio