Title: MOH Q1 EPS Tops Estimates on Lower Medical Costs, Membership Declines
Date: 2026-04-23 18:56
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/healthcare/articles/moh-q1-eps-tops-estimates-185600817.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude. 
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
Allbirds' AI pivot shows signs of froth in markets, but experts say the underlying fundamentals in AI remain strong.
Dow leaps 850 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch new records in stunning rally amid US-Iran diplomacy hopes
Stocks climbed at the open and oil fell as Iran said the Strait of Hormuz is 'completely open'
The stock market has notched one of its fastest turnarounds in years
Europe is facing a severe jet fuel shortage, with 'maybe six weeks of jet fuel left'
Stocks rebound after Trump says Israel, Lebanon agreed to ceasefire
S&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq rise, with fresh records in view amid hopes for truce
Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions
S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses
The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company
S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled
Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher
US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI
JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks'
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Molina Healthcare Inc. MOH reported first-quarter 2026 adjusted earnings per share (EPS) of $2.35, which beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $1.57. The bottom line declined 61.3% from the year-ago period's level.
Revenues amounted to $10.8 billion, which decreased 3.1% year over year. The top line marginally missed the consensus mark by 0.2%.
The first-quarter performance was supported by lower medical care costs, partially offset by declining premiums, membership and investment income.
Molina Healthcare, Inc price-consensus-eps-surprise-chart | Molina Healthcare, Inc Quote
Premium revenues of $10.2 billion decreased 4.3% year over year in the quarter under review and missed the Zacks Consensus Estimate by 0.2%. The decline was due to reduced memberships, reflecting product and pricing decisions.
As of March 31, 2026, total membership decreased 12.5% year over year to around 5 million and missed the Zacks Consensus Estimate by 1.2%. The health insurer witnessed a year-over-year decrease in customers across all segments, especially in Marketplace and Other.
Investment income fell 9.3% year over year to $98 million. It missed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $100.8 million.
Total operating expenses were $10.71 billion, flat year over year and slightly below our model estimate of $10.72 billion, driven by lower medical care costs. The adjusted general and administrative expense ratio increased to 6.9% in the first quarter from 6.3% a year ago. Interest expenses of $54 million rose from $43 million in the prior year.
The consolidated medical care ratio (medical costs as a percentage of premium revenues), or MCR, was 91.1% in the reported quarter. It rose from 89.2% a year ago but was below the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 91.5%.
Molina Healthcare’s adjusted net income decreased 64% year over year to $120 million.
Molina Healthcare exited the first quarter with cash and cash equivalents of $5.3 billion, which increased from the 2025-end level of $4.2 billion. Total assets of $16.4 billion rose from $15.6 billion at 2025-end.
Long-term debt was $3.8 billion, unchanged from the 2025-end levels.
Total stockholders’ equity of $4.08 billion rose from $4.07 billion at the end of 2025.
Net cash provided by operating activities amounted to $1.1 billion in the first quarter of 2026 compared with $190 million in the prior year.
The company's full-year 2026 premium revenue guidance has remained unchanged at about $42 billion, down roughly 2% from 2025.
Management expects 2026 GAAP earnings of at least $1.90 per diluted share. It has reaffirmed adjusted earnings guidance of at least $5.00 per diluted share.
Adjusted net income is projected to be $256 million, while GAAP net income is expected to reach $97 million in 2026.
Molina currently carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
Major peers UnitedHealth Group Incorporated UNH and Elevance Health, Inc. ELV have already reported first-quarter results, while The Cigna Group CI is scheduled to report next week.
UnitedHealth reported first-quarter 2026 adjusted EPS of $7.23, which beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $6.46. The bottom line rose 0.4% year over year. Revenues rose 2% year over year to $111.7 billion. The top line beat the consensus mark by 2.1%. The results were driven by growth in commercial fee-based membership and the strength in Optum Rx. Weaknesses in Optum Health and declining risk-based membership partially offset the positives. UNH’s first-quarter premium of $87.6 billion increased from $86.5 billion a year ago and beat the consensus mark of $86.1 billion.
Elevance Health reported first-quarter 2026 adjusted EPS of $12.58, which surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate by 17.8%. The bottom line rose 5.1% year over year. Operating revenues advanced 1.5% year over year to $49.5 billion. The top line beat the consensus mark by 3.7%. The strong quarterly results benefited from the growth in premiums. The upside was partly offset by a decline in overall medical membership and an elevated expense level. Elevance Health’s medical membership was around 45.4 million as of March 31, 2026, which dipped 0.9% year over year. ELV’s net investment income rose 29.7% year over year to $765 million.
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for Cigna Group’s first-quarter 2026 earnings of $7.54 per share has witnessed one upward revision over the past 60 days, with one movement in the opposite direction. Cigna Group beat earnings estimates in each of the trailing four quarters, with the average surprise being 2.7%. The consensus estimate for first-quarter 2026 revenues is pegged at $66.74 billion, suggesting 2% year-over-year growth.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (UNH) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Molina Healthcare, Inc (MOH) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Cigna Group (CI) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Elevance Health, Inc. (ELV) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio