Title: UnitedHealth Just Proved Warren Buffett Right -- Again
Date: 2026-04-23 09:04
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/23/unitedhealth-just-proved-warren-buffett-right-agai/?.tsrc=rss

Investors are seeing why Buffett earned the nickname "the Oracle of Omaha."
Flashback to the second quarter of last year. The wheels seemed to be coming off for UnitedHealth Group (UNH 0.10%). The healthcare giant first revised its full-year outlook downward, then yanked the guidance altogether. Its CEO was shown the exit door. Reports surfaced about an investigation by the U.S. Department of Justice. UnitedHealth's stock was sinking fast.
But there was at least one major investor who wasn't worried. Warren Buffett initiated a $1.6 billion stake in the health insurance stock for Berkshire Hathaway's (BRKA 0.28%) (BRKB 0.27%) portfolio. Buffett saw an overreaction related to temporary issues facing a company that remained fundamentally strong.
Now, let's return to the present. UnitedHealth Group reported its first-quarter results on Wednesday. And the investing world got to see why Buffett earned the nickname "the Oracle of Omaha." UnitedHealth proved Buffett right -- again. 
Image source: The Motley Fool.
Berkshire Hathaway is a leader in the property & casualty (P&C) insurance market. Although P&C is different from health insurance, Buffett knew of one common denominator: when insurers' bottom lines suffer, they can nearly always raise rates to fix the problem.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends at 9 AM EST on 4/30/2026.
UnitedHealth said last year that it planned to raise rates. It followed through with that promise, and it showed in the Q1 results. The company's medical cost ratio (calculated by dividing total medical care costs by total premium revenue collected, less taxes and fees) fell from 84.8% in the prior-year period to 83.9% in the recent quarter. 
This improvement wasn't the result of declining medical costs. Tim Noel, CEO of the company's UnitedHealthcare business, said in the Q1 earnings call, "We continue to see the utilization patterns continuing with high, elevated levels that we experienced in 2025." 
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name. 
UnitedHealth Group delivered better-than-expected revenue and earnings in Q1. The company also raised its full-year earnings guidance. CEO Stephen Hemsley painted a picture in the earnings call of the early stages of a bona fide turnaround story.
UnitedHealth's Q1 update was a big win for the company and its shareholders. It should also serve as a reminder of why Buffett's investing strategy works.
Buffett didn't pay attention to the noise last year. He didn't worry about the uncertainty. The legendary investor understood UnitedHealth's business well enough to realize that its issues were only temporary. He also did enough research to know the company remained financially strong.
By the way, Buffett didn't panic and sell earlier this year when the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) announced ridiculously low proposed Medicare Advantage rates for 2027. He waited. CMS ultimately came back with much higher rates.
The big takeaway for investors here is to buy great businesses when they're on sale and hold the stocks through any turbulence. This approach has paid off for Buffett over the long term. It can pay off for other investors, too.
Before you buy stock in UnitedHealth Group, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and UnitedHealth Group wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $500,572!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,223,900!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 967% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 199% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 24, 2026. 
Keith Speights has positions in Berkshire Hathaway. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Berkshire Hathaway. The Motley Fool recommends UnitedHealth Group. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 18 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 18 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends at 9 AM EST on 4/30/2026.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
*Returns as of April 24, 2026.