Title: What Makes UnitedHealth Group (UNH) the Best in Value-Based Care Service_
Date: 2026-04-23 12:21
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/makes-unitedhealth-group-unh-best-122159557.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude. 
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
Allbirds' AI pivot shows signs of froth in markets, but experts say the underlying fundamentals in AI remain strong.
Dow leaps 850 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch new records in stunning rally amid US-Iran diplomacy hopes
Stocks climbed at the open and oil fell as Iran said the Strait of Hormuz is 'completely open'
The stock market has notched one of its fastest turnarounds in years
Europe is facing a severe jet fuel shortage, with 'maybe six weeks of jet fuel left'
Stocks rebound after Trump says Israel, Lebanon agreed to ceasefire
S&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq rise, with fresh records in view amid hopes for truce
Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions
S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses
The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company
S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled
Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher
US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI
JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks'
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Investment management company Vulcan Value Partners recently released its first-quarter 2026 investor letter. A copy of the letter can be downloaded here. The firm focuses on improving long-term returns and lowering risk, rather than short-term results. In the quarter, the Large Cap Composite (Net) returned -14.1%, the Small Cap Composite (Net) returned -6.8%, the Focus Composite (Net) returned -19.1%, the Focus Plus Composite (Net) returned -19.1% as well as the All-Cap Composite (Net) returned -13.5%. Throughout 2025 and escalating to the first quarter of 2026, the market is experiencing heightened volatility related to AI's potential, leading to mispricing of some strong companies. The current market turbulence presents opportunities for long-term investors willing to accept short-term volatility in stable-valued companies and improve the margin of safety. The letter identified businesses into three groups with perceived /real AI disruption risk: Software, Alternative Asset Managers, and indirectly impacted businesses. The firm highlights that its investment strategy aims to leverage this volatility to reduce risk and increase returns in the long term. In addition, please check the Firm’s top five holdings to know its best picks in 2026.
In its first-quarter 2026 investor letter, Vulcan Value Partners highlighted stocks like UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH). UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH) is a multinational health benefits company based in Eden Prairie, Minnesota. On April 22, 2026, UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH) stock closed at $353.52 per share. One-month return of UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH) was 31.89%, and its shares lost 16.67% over the past 52 weeks. UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH) has a market capitalization of $321.07 billion.
Vulcan Value Partners stated the following regarding UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH) in its Q1 2026 investor letter:
"There were seven material detractors to performance: Ares Management Corporation, Ryan Specialty Holdings, Inc., Microsoft Corporation, Salesforce, Inc., UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH), Amazon.com, Inc., and SAP SE. The evening before UnitedHealth Group reported fourth quarter earnings, which were in line with our expectations, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) released its 2027 Medicare Advantage Advance Rate Notice. The notice called for a 0.1% payment increase. Cost trend in Medicare Advantage is running high-single-digits. The 0.1% increase is clearly inadequate relative to cost trend. This announcement put pressure on the entire industry and UnitedHealth Group was no exception. On April 6, CMS released its 2027 Final Rate Announcement of 2.48% and UnitedHealth Group’s stock price has rallied since then. We believe that UnitedHealth Group serves a critical function in the healthcare system in the U.S. and that its role is entrenched despite short-term volatility associated with Medicare Advantage funding headwinds. We believe that value-based care must play a critical role in bringing down the cost of healthcare in the United States. In our opinion, no company is better positioned to drive better outcomes at lower cost through value-based care than UnitedHealth Group."
UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH) is in 14th position on our list of 40 Most Popular Stocks Among Hedge Funds. According to our database, 145 hedge fund portfolios held UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH) at the end of the fourth quarter, up from 140 in the previous quarter. In Q1 2026, UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH) reported revenues of nearly $111.7 billion, representing a 2% increase from Q1 2025. While we acknowledge the potential of UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH) as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock.
In another article, we covered UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH) and shared the list of safe stocks to invest in for beginners. In addition, please check out our hedge fund investor letters Q1 2026 page for more investor letters from hedge funds and other leading investors.
READ NEXT: 33 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Years and 15 Stocks That Will Make You Rich in 10 Years.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio