Title: Buy UnitedHealth or Intuitive Surgical Stock After Strong Q1 Results_
Date: 2026-04-22 23:09
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/healthcare/articles/buy-unitedhealth-intuitive-surgical-stock-230900219.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude. 
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
Allbirds' AI pivot shows signs of froth in markets, but experts say the underlying fundamentals in AI remain strong.
Dow leaps 850 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch new records in stunning rally amid US-Iran diplomacy hopes
Stocks climbed at the open and oil fell as Iran said the Strait of Hormuz is 'completely open'
The stock market has notched one of its fastest turnarounds in years
Europe is facing a severe jet fuel shortage, with 'maybe six weeks of jet fuel left'
Stocks rebound after Trump says Israel, Lebanon agreed to ceasefire
S&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq rise, with fresh records in view amid hopes for truce
Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions
S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses
The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company
S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled
Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher
US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI
JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks'
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
UnitedHealth Group UNH) and Intuitive Surgical ISRG) are standing out in this week’s earnings lineup after exceeding their Q1 expectations on Tuesday and providing positive guidance.
As two respective leaders in the medical sector, UnitedHealth and Intuitive Surgical's stock have spiked more than 7% since their strong Q1 reports, joining the market’s rebound as investors look past geopolitical tensions in the Middle East.  
What may also pique investors' interest is that their rallies could be sustainable even if a potential economic downturn is induced by higher energy prices in correlation with the US-Iran conflict, considering healthcare is always essential.
Reflecting strong operational recovery after a difficult 2025, UnitedHealth’s Q1 sales were up more than 2% year over year to $111.72 billion, beating estimates of $109.45 billion by 2% as well. 
Optimism for UnitedHealth’s turnaround has been brewing after the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) finalized a much larger-than-expected increase in Medicare Advantage payment rates for 2027.
UnitedHealth also showcased reassuring margin improvements as medical utilization normalized, with Q1 EPS of $7.23, crushing expectations of $6.46 by nearly 12% and rising from $7.20 per share a year ago.
Other highlights included UnitedHealth’s medical cost ratio falling to 83.9%, a sharp improvement from the elevated levels the health insurer experienced last year, and serving as a key indicator of regained cost control. 
Furthermore, UnitedHealth’s operating cash flow came in at roughly $9 billion, up nearly $3.5 billion YoY as updated pricing across its various business lines served as a further catalyst and helped to offset prior cost pressures.
Notably, UNH has now exceeded the Zacks EPS Consensus in three of its last four quarterly reports, posting an average earnings surprise of 0.84%.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Intuitive Surgical's stellar Q1 results were driven by higher procedure volumes and recurring revenue from instruments and accessories, which typically account for more than 70% of the company’s sales, a strong sign of stability.  
Intuitive Surgical’s Q1 sales spiked 23% to $2.77 billion from $2.25 billion in the prior year quarter and comfortably exceeded estimates of $2.6 billion. This came as Da Vinci procedure volumes increased 17% YoY, with the growth attributed to a broad expansion across general surgery, bariatrics, urology, and international market adoption.
Even better, Q1 EPS soared 38% to $2.50 versus $1.81 in the comparative quarter, and crushed expectations of $2.08 by 20%. Intuitive Surgical’s gross margins improved due to scale, favorable product mix, and operational efficiencies, with it noteworthy that the company’s operating income grew faster than revenue, a very pleasant sign of superior operating leverage.
ISRG has exceeded the Zacks EPS Consensus for an impressive 13 consecutive quarters, with an average earnings surprise of 16.82% over the last four quarters.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Signaling confidence in its continued operational recovery, UnitedHealth now expects FY26 EPS to be at least $18.25, up from its prior guidance of at least $17.75 and above the current Zacks Consensus of $17.70 or 8% growth.
 As for Intuitive Surgical, it updated two key components of its 2026 outlook, including its Da Vinci procedure growth guidance and Non-GAAP gross profit margin. Intuitive Surgical now expects 13.5%-15.5% procedure growth for 2026, up from its prior outlook of 13%-15%, with management increasing its expected non-GAAP gross profit margin range to 67.5%-68.5% from a range of 66%-67%. 
UnitedHealth’s turnaround efforts are gaining traction, especially as it relates to cost management and operational stabilization. Meanwhile, Intuitive Surgical continues to benefit from long-term global adoption of robotic-assisted surgery.
For now, both stocks land a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold), but buy ratings could be on the way as earnings estimate revisions are likely to trend higher following their strong Q1 results and positive guidance. While UnitedHealth is the more attractive option for value and income-focused investors, Intuitive Surgical has remained a top pick among the medical sector in terms of growth.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (UNH) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Intuitive Surgical, Inc. (ISRG) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio