Title: 2 Healthcare Stocks Worth Your Attention and 1 We Ignore
Date: 2026-04-23 23:41
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/healthcare/articles/2-healthcare-stocks-worth-attention-234123699.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude. 
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
Allbirds' AI pivot shows signs of froth in markets, but experts say the underlying fundamentals in AI remain strong.
Dow leaps 850 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch new records in stunning rally amid US-Iran diplomacy hopes
Stocks climbed at the open and oil fell as Iran said the Strait of Hormuz is 'completely open'
The stock market has notched one of its fastest turnarounds in years
Europe is facing a severe jet fuel shortage, with 'maybe six weeks of jet fuel left'
Stocks rebound after Trump says Israel, Lebanon agreed to ceasefire
S&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq rise, with fresh records in view amid hopes for truce
Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions
S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses
The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company
S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled
Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher
US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI
JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks'
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Healthcare companies are pushing the status quo by innovating in areas like drug development and digital health. But financial performance has lagged recently as players offloaded surplus COVID inventories in 2023 and 2024, a headwind for overall demand. The result? Over the past six months, the industry’s 1.8% return has trailed the S&P 500 by 3.1 percentage points.
What are UnitedHealth's key competitive advantages?
Why does StockStory recommend avoiding NeoGenomics stock?
How has healthcare sector performance compared recently?
What makes iRhythm Technologies an attractive healthcare investment?
Despite the lackluster result, a few diamonds in the rough can produce earnings growth no matter what, and we started StockStory to help you find them. Keeping that in mind, here are two healthcare stocks boasting durable advantages and one we’re swiping left on.
Market Cap: $1.06 billion
Operating a network of CAP-accredited and CLIA-certified laboratories across the United States and United Kingdom, NeoGenomics (NASDAQ:NEO) provides specialized cancer diagnostic testing services, including genetic analysis, molecular testing, and pathology consultation for oncologists and healthcare providers.
Why Do We Avoid NEO?
Revenue growth over the past five years was nullified by the company’s new share issuances as its earnings per share fell by 3% annually
Push for growth has led to negative returns on capital, signaling value destruction
High net-debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 6× could force the company to raise capital at unfavorable terms if market conditions deteriorate
NeoGenomics is trading at $7.89 per share, or 47.7x forward P/E. Check out our free in-depth research report to learn more about why NEO doesn’t pass our bar.
Market Cap: $3.94 billion
Pioneering the shift from bulky, short-term heart monitors to sleek, wire-free patches, iRhythm Technologies (NASDAQ:IRTC) provides wearable cardiac monitoring devices and AI-powered analysis services that help physicians detect and diagnose heart rhythm disorders.
Why Do We Like IRTC?
Market share has increased this cycle as its 23.1% annual revenue growth over the last two years was exceptional
Adjusted operating margin improvement of 25.6 percentage points over the last five years demonstrates its ability to scale efficiently
Free cash flow profile has moved into positive territory over the last five years, indicating the company has passed a significant test
At $125.00 per share, iRhythm trades at 39.5x forward EV-to-EBITDA. Is now the right time to buy? See for yourself in our full research report, it’s free.
Market Cap: $321.1 billion
With over 100 million people served across its various businesses and a workforce of more than 400,000, UnitedHealth Group (NYSE:UNH) operates a health insurance business and Optum, a healthcare services division that provides everything from pharmacy benefits to primary care.
Why Are We Positive On UNH?
11.3% annual revenue growth over the last five years was better than the sector average, highlighting the value of its products and services
Massive revenue base of $449.7 billion gives it meaningful leverage when negotiating reimbursement rates
Stellar returns on capital showcase management’s ability to surface highly profitable business ventures
UnitedHealth’s stock price of $352.76 implies a valuation ratio of 18.4x forward P/E. Is now a good time to buy? Find out in our full research report, it’s free.
ONE MORE THING: Top 5 Growth Stocks. The biggest stock winners almost always had one thing in common before they ran. Revenue growing like crazy. Meta. CrowdStrike. Broadcom. Our AI flagged all three. They returned 315%, 314%, and 455%, respectively.
Find out which 5 stocks it's flagging for this month — FREE.  Get Our Top 5 Growth Stocks for Free HERE.
Stocks that made our list in 2020 include now familiar names such as Nvidia (+1,326% between June 2020 and June 2025) as well as under-the-radar businesses like the once-micro-cap company Tecnoglass (+1,754% five-year return). Find your next big winner with StockStory today.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio