Title: UnitedHealthcare Champions Industry Effort to Standardize Prior Authorization Requirements
Date: 2026-04-24 11:08
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/healthcare/articles/unitedhealthcare-champions-industry-effort-standardize-110800553.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude. 
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
Allbirds' AI pivot shows signs of froth in markets, but experts say the underlying fundamentals in AI remain strong.
Dow leaps 850 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch new records in stunning rally amid US-Iran diplomacy hopes
Stocks climbed at the open and oil fell as Iran said the Strait of Hormuz is 'completely open'
The stock market has notched one of its fastest turnarounds in years
Europe is facing a severe jet fuel shortage, with 'maybe six weeks of jet fuel left'
Stocks rebound after Trump says Israel, Lebanon agreed to ceasefire
S&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq rise, with fresh records in view amid hopes for truce
Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions
S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses
The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company
S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled
Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher
US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI
JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks'
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Company expects more than 70% of prior authorization volume to be part of new standardized submission process by year‑end
Latest in continuing series of company actions to simplify and ease administrative requirements
April 24, 2026--(BUSINESS WIRE)--UnitedHealthcare today announced more than half of its prior authorization volume will be included in an industrywide effort to standardize submission requirements for electronic prior authorization, and that number will advance to more than 70% by the end of 2026. This step is the next phase of the company’s ongoing efforts to modernize and simplify prior authorization for care providers and help patients more easily and quickly access safe, high‑quality, evidence‑based care, all while preserving important clinical safeguards.
This new UnitedHealthcare initiative reflects growing industry alignment around a standardized approach to electronic prior authorization submissions, shaped in large part by UnitedHealthcare’s partnership and leadership with fellow health plans. The new standardized documentation process will apply across UnitedHealthcare’s commercial, Medicare Advantage and Medicaid offerings. The company will be working aggressively to add more services, as well as further reduce prior authorization requirements and volumes over the next several months.
"Today’s announcement is another step in our work to modernize health care, making prior authorization quicker, simpler and more efficient," said Tim Noel, CEO, UnitedHealthcare. "These changes help care providers and patients save time and money and set the stage for a more seamless electronic experience, and our work will continue as we pursue a modern, touchless authorization process."
Prior authorization is an important tool that helps ensure health care services and procedures are safe and based on sound clinical evidence. It can also help protect members from paying out-of-pocket for care they don’t need.
UnitedHealthcare aims to improve prior authorization predictability, reduce rework and decrease the number of requests for additional information by standardizing and defining the information health plans require to support prior authorizations. These advances will not impact clinical policies or coverage determinations.
This effort advances the prior authorization commitments announced by the health plan industry in June 2025 and reflects UnitedHealthcare’s longstanding leadership in modernizing and simplifying prior authorization, including:
Reducing the number of services that require prior authorization;
Expanding the first‑of‑its‑kind national Gold Card program;
Advancing digital tools that enable electronic submission, real‑time status tracking and faster decisions; and
Announcing targeted prior authorization improvements to better support rural care providers and patients.
Last month, UnitedHealthcare publicly reported prior authorization metrics and published additional context to help care providers, members and the public better understand how the process works. Together, these efforts demonstrate the company’s continued focus on modernizing administrative processes, improving experiences and helping people get the care they need.
About UnitedHealthcare
UnitedHealthcare is dedicated to helping people live healthier lives and making the health system work better for everyone by simplifying the health care experience, meeting consumer health and wellness needs, and sustaining trusted relationships with care providers. The company offers the full spectrum of health benefit programs for individuals, employers, and Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries, and contracts directly with physicians, care professionals, hospitals and other care facilities. UnitedHealthcare is one of the businesses of UnitedHealth Group (NYSE: UNH), a diversified health care company. For more information, visit UnitedHealthcare at www.uhc.com or follow UnitedHealthcare on LinkedIn.
View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20260423339948/en/
Contacts
Media Contact uhcnews@uhc.com
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio