Title: Stock Market News for Apr 9, 2026
Date: 2026-04-09 13:23
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/stock-market-news-apr-9-132300771.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian. 
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
Nike set the stage for a turnaround, but global events keep getting in its way
Bank of America rips up its economic forecasts as it braces for $100 oil all year on Iran war disruptions
U.S. stocks ended sharply higher on Wednesday, with investors’ sentiment getting a boost as President Donald Trump halted attacks on Iran, following the announcement of a two-week ceasefire that also signaled the reopening of the Strait of Hormuz. All three major indexes ended in positive territory.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJI) rose 2.9% or 1,325.96 points, to end at 47,909.92 points.  
The S&P 500 advanced 2.5%, or 165.98 points, to finish at 6,782.83 points. Industrial stocks were the biggest gainers, while energy stocks were the worst performers.
The Industrials Select Sector SPDR (XLI) gained 3.8%. The Materials Select Sector SPDR (XLB) gained 3.3%. The Information Technology Select Sector SPDR (XLK) added 3.1%. The Energy Select Sector SPDR (XLE) declined 3.5%. Ten out of the 11 sectors of the benchmark index ended in positive territory.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq jumped 2.8%, or 617.15 points, to close at 22,635 points.
The fear gauge, CBOE Volatility Index (VIX), was up 2.47% to 21.56. Advancers outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by a 5.67-to-1 ratio. On the Nasdaq, a 3.05-1 ratio favored advancing issues. A total of 20.64 billion shares were traded on Wednesday, higher than the last 20-session average of 19.42 billion.
On the NYSE, there were 197 new 52-week highs and 45 new lows. On the Nasdaq, there were 3,582 new highs and 1,174 new lows. On the S&P 500, there were 21 new 52-week highs and five new lows.
All three major indexes jumped on Wednesday, triggering a broader market rally as investors felt a sigh of relief after Pakistan brokered a deal that resulted in a two-week ceasefire to the Iran war that began on Feb. 28. 
Trump said that the two-week ceasefire will also see the reopening of the Strait of Hormuz. Iran’s foreign ministry added that the Strait of Hormuz will remain open for two weeks, provided the attacks are halted. However, the foreign ministry also said that ships passing through the passage would need to coordinate with Iran’s Armed Forces. 
Stocks got a further boost in the afternoon, with the S&P 500 surpassing its 200-day moving average, after Trump posted that the United States and Iran are discussing tariffs and sanction relief and will coordinate and remove nuclear material from the nation. 
Oil prices fell sharply on Wednesday. West Texas Intermediate crude futures plunged over 16% to settle at $94.41 per barrel, marking their steepest single-day decline since April 2020. Shares of energy companies that had surged due to the conflict retreated from their highs. Shares of Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) declined 4.7%, while Chevron Corporation (CVX) fell 4.3%.
However, stocks that had been suffering due to the war rebounded. Semiconductor stocks were the biggest gainers, with Broadcom, Inc. (AVGO) jumping 5%. Broadcom sports a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy). You can see the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank stocks here.
The minutes from the Federal Reserve’s last FOMC meeting showed that policymakers are now more inclined toward rate hikes as they fear that the ongoing war could trigger inflation, as oil prices continue to remain high. 
No major economic data was released on Wednesday.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Chevron Corporation (CVX) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Broadcom Inc. (AVGO) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
