Title: The Best High-Yielding Oil Stocks to Buy on the Dip
Date: 2026-04-08 22:59
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/energy/articles/best-high-yielding-oil-stocks-225900729.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian. 
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
Nike set the stage for a turnaround, but global events keep getting in its way
Bank of America rips up its economic forecasts as it braces for $100 oil all year on Iran war disruptions
The announcement of a two-week ceasefire between the U.S. and Iran led to a steep drop in oil prices on Wednesday, but the pullback could very well be temporary.
Crude prices dropped below $100 per barrel, although this remains an optimal level that creates superior operating leverage for oil producers.
Notably, the truce is contingent on Iran reopening the Strait of Hormuz, which accounts for 20% of global oil flows.
That said, Iran announced later this morning that the critical shipping route will remain closed if Israel continues its attacks in Lebanon, which is a stronghold for Iranian-backed militant groups.
This raises further concern that the ceasefire between the U.S. and Iran could be very short-lived and that crude prices will likely remain elevated.
With many oil stocks recently trading at new all-time highs or at 52-week peaks, it could be an ideal time to start eying the best buy-the-dip candidates.
Providing a hedge against recent market volatility, these three oil stocks are standing out on the Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) list and are even more appealing because of their generous dividends.
 
Stock Price: $45
Dividend Yield: 4.18% 
Trading near a 52-week high of $48 a share, BP BP) stock has spiked 30% year to date and still trades at an attractive 13X forward earnings multiple. The global energy producer has been able to capitalize on higher oil prices and is also an attractive pick for the future of renewable energy, expanding its portfolio in low-carbon businesses.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
BP has increased its dividend six times in the last five years for an annualized growth rate of 11.84% during this period. Strong cash flow and solid operational performance suggest BP’s dividend is reliable, producing $24.5 billion in operating cash flow in 2025.
BP’s payout ratio of 69% is a bit high, but its debt-to-capital (D/C) ratio is near the preferred level of 40% or lower and is also supportive of a sustainable dividend. 
Bringing in more than $200 billion in annual revenue, BP’s increased profitability should be apparent amid high crude prices, with it noteworthy that FY26 EPS projections have skyrocketed over 50% in the last 60 days from estimates of $2.57 per share to $3.92. Plus, this would reflect a 36% increase from EPS of $2.88 last year.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
 
Stock Price: $192
Dividend Yield: 3.53% 
Strategic expansions have continued to make Chevron CVX) one of the most dominant fully-integrated oil companies in the world. Chevron stock is still up a respectable 20% YTD, despite a 10% pullback from an all-time high of $214 a share, which it hit last month.
Suggesting that this could be a buy-the-dip opportunity is that Chevron’s FY26 EPS estimates have soared 38% in the last two months from $6.55 to $9.04. CVX is trading at a reasonable 22X forward earnings multiple, and EPS is now projected to rise 24% this year from $7.29 in 2025.
As a dividend aristocrat, Chevron has increased its dividend for 39 consecutive years with an annualized dividend growth rate of 6.35% in the last five years.  
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
While Chevron’s 93% payout ratio is very high, it's caused by distorted earnings rather than weak cash flow. To that point, Chevron’s earnings were impacted by non-cash accounting adjustments when it acquired Hess Corporation last year, which gave it access to a 30% stake in the Stabroek Block offshore of Guyana, one of the world's largest oil discoveries in the last decade. 
Acquiring Hess also brought 463,000 acres of high-quality assets in the Bakken Shale, a major oil-bearing rock formation located mainly in North Dakota and Montana within the coveted Williston Basin.
Having a generous dividend yield that’s over 3%, Chevron has one of the strongest balance sheets in the industry with a D/C ratio that’s under 20%.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Stock Price: $134
Dividend Yield: 3.58% 
Rounding out this list of high-yielding oil stocks to consider on the dip is Chord Energy Corporation CHRD), a leading exploration and production (E&P) company that was formed through the merger of Oasis Petroleum and Whiting Petroleum in 2022.
Chrod Energy stock has soared 40% this year and has pulled back from a recent 52-week high of $148 a share. CHRD trades at an enticing 12X forward earnings multiple and in the last 60 days has seen its FY26 EPS estimates skyrocket from $4.22 to $12.06.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
 
Like Chevron, Chord Energy has assets in the lucrative Williston Basin. Analysts have also turned bullish thanks to Chord Energy’s strong free cash flow and balance sheet with a D/C ratio of just 15%. Plus, the company has lifted investor sentiment with a $1 billion share repurchase program.
Appeasing income investors, Chord Energy has increased its dividend by 26.53% in the last five years and has a rather healthy 55% payout ratio.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
 
Despite the announcement of a temporary ceasefire between the U.S. and Iran, the rotation into oil stocks is still desirable. 
Out of 202 stocks on the coveted Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) list, 31 hail from the energy sector, with these three oil stocks standing out with dividend yields that are above 3%. Most importantly, in regards to their strong buy rating, is that the trend of positive EPS revisions suggests more upside is likely ahead, making them ideal buy-the-dip targets.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
BP p.l.c. (BP) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Chevron Corporation (CVX) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Chord Energy Corporation (CHRD) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
