Title: Why Carnival, Royal Caribbean, and Norwegian Cruise Line Stocks Surged Today
Date: 2026-04-08 23:51
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/08/why-carnival-royal-caribbean-norwegian-cruise-up/?.tsrc=rss
------------------------------
The potential for calmer seas has investors hopeful.
Shares of cruise line operators rallied on Wednesday as oil prices fell.
Here's how some of the leading cruise stocks performed:
Image source: Getty Images.
Travel stocks rebounded on reports of a two-week ceasefire between the U.S. and Iran. The agreement is expected to enable more energy-carrying ships to pass through the Strait of Hormuz. Oil prices dropped sharply on the news as fears of supply shortages subsided. 
High energy prices affect cruise lines in several ways. For one, fuel is a major expense, so rising prices can directly impact their bottom lines. For another, surging energy costs can force consumers to cut back on nonessential expenses. If people decide to forgo vacations, that could dent cruise bookings.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Unsurprisingly, cruise stocks sank as oil and gas prices spiked after conflict erupted in the Middle East. Now, however, the potential for peace has investors breathing sighs of relief.
Oil and gas prices could continue to move violently in response to Iran-related headlines. If peace talks fail, it will likely result in surging energy prices and plunging stock prices.
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name. 
But if a lasting peace can be achieved, travel stocks could help to lead the financial markets higher as investors around the world celebrate.
Before you buy stock in Norwegian Cruise Line, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Norwegian Cruise Line wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $532,929!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,091,848!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 928% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 186% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2026. 
Joe Tenebruso has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Carnival Corp. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 35 Amazons.
What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool