Title: Why SoFi Technologies Stock Fell 10.6% Last Month
Date: 2026-04-08 22:46
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/08/why-sofi-technologies-stock-fell-106-last-month/?.tsrc=rss
------------------------------
The war in Iran wasn't the only factor in SoFi's double-digit March sell-off.
SoFi Technologies (SOFI +2.36%) stock got hit with a double-digit valuation pullback in March. The fintech company's share price moved 10.6% lower in the month. For comparison, the S&P 500's level declined 5.1% in the month, and the Nasdaq Composite's level fell 4.8%. 
SoFi stock saw sell-offs last month as investors made risk-off trades in response to the U.S. and Israel's war with Iran. Its share price also saw pullbacks in conjunction with a short report on the company released by Muddy Waters. 
Image source: Getty Images.
Like most stocks, SoFi saw a substantial valuation pullback last month as geopolitical developments made investors more risk-averse. The U.S. and Israel kicked off joint strikes against Iran at the end of February, and fighting intensified last month. 
SoFi stock faced another round of pressures mid-month following a new short report on the company. Muddy Waters Research published a report on March 17 stating that it had taken a short position in the fintech specialist and outlining what it sees as problem points for the business. Notably, Muddy Waters raised concerns about financial engineering, improper accounting practices, and opaque transactions not detailed on SoFi's balance sheets that obscure underlying performance. 
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
In particular, the short seller believes that SoFi has misstated at least $312 million in unrecorded debt. Muddy Waters also calculates that SoFi's personal loan charge-off rate is actually roughly 6.1% and not the 2.89% level reported by the company. The research team also alleges that SoFi's student loan business exists for financial engineering purposes rather than strategic or economic reasons, stating that the student-loan business was being used to produce fair-value gains used to qualify bonus payments to the management team. 
Following the release of the short report, SoFi published a response and stated that it believed the report was designed to deceive investors. SoFi's response said that Muddy Waters' report showed a fundamental lack of understanding when it came to its financial statements and business. The company also said that it intended to explore potential legal action against Muddy Waters for what it described as a "factually inaccurate and misleading report."
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name. 
SoFi stock has seen some recovery momentum early in April's trading amid de-escalation for the fighting in Iran. The company's share price is up 3.9% in the month as of this writing amid a 3.9% gain for the S&P 500 and a 4.8% gain for the Nasdaq Composite. 
Investors will be getting a closer look into SoFi's recent performance in the very near future. The company is scheduled to publish its first-quarter results and host a conference call before the market opens on April 29. 
Before you buy stock in SoFi Technologies, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and SoFi Technologies wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $532,929!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,091,848!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 928% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 186% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2026. 
Keith Noonan has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 35 Amazons.
What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool