Title: Why Super Micro Computer Stock Crashed 29.7% in March But Is Moving Higher in April
Date: 2026-04-08 23:30
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/08/why-super-micro-computer-stock-crashed-297-in-marc/?.tsrc=rss
------------------------------
Supermicro shareholders got some terrible news last month, and big questions remain.
Super Micro Computer (SMCI +3.09%) stock plummeted in March after one of its co-founders and two other people connected to the company were hit with smuggling charges. The California-based server specialist's shares fell 29.7% in the month, according to data from S&P Global Market Intelligence. Meanwhile, the S&P 500's level declined 5.1%, and the Nasdaq Composite's level declined 4.8%.
Supermicro saw a massive valuation decline last month following news that the U.S. Department of Justice had brought charges against people affiliated with the company for allegedly smuggling artificial intelligence (AI) chips to Chinese customers that had been banned from export. As of this writing, Supermicro stock is down roughly 61.5% from its 52-week high. 
Image source: Getty Images.
Supermicro stock took a massive hit on March 20 after co-founder Yih-Shyan "Wally" Liaw, sales manager Ruei-Tsan "Steven" Chang, and contractor Ting-Wei "Willy" Sun were indicted on charges of conspiring to unlawfully divert cutting-edge U.S. artificial intelligence technology to China. The company's share price plunged over 33% after the news became public servers containing $2.5 billion worth of Nvidia banned artificial intelligence chips had allegedly been smuggled to Chinese customers from 2024 to 2025.
Through inclusion in Supermicro servers that were allegedly mislabeled, the band chips were allegedly sold to a Southeast Asian company and rerouted to China in violation of the Export Control Reform Act. Four Chinese universities, two of which have ties to the military, bought the restricted Supermicro servers. On the other hand, Supermicro has not been directly named as a defendant in any related crimes.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Supermicro stock has seen some modest recovery momentum early in April thanks to bullish momentum for the broader market. The company's share price is up roughly 2.6% in the month so far amid a 3.9% gain for the S&P 500 and a 4.8% gain for the Nasdaq Composite. 
Supermicro computer has seen massive sales gains in conjunction with the artificial intelligence revolution. The company's business revolves around producing pre-made servers using mostly components from third parties, with Nvidia's advanced processors being the most important piece of its hardware boxes. 
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 928%* — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 186% for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now, available when you join Stock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2026. 
Supermicro products built around these Nvidia chips for training artificial intelligence make up around 70% of the company's revenue, and the server specialist's business could be severely impacted if Nvidia chose to distance itself from Supermicro. There is no current long-term contract between the companies.
Supermicro has disclosed that an independent investigation as begun regarding Liaw, Chang, and Sun, but a definitive timetable for the investigation has not yet been set. The company has reaffirmed its commitments to U.S. export laws, but big questions regarding its future remain -- and shares could continue to be volatile in the near term. 
Before you buy stock in Super Micro Computer, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Super Micro Computer wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $532,929!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,091,848!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 928% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 186% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2026. 
Keith Noonan has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Nvidia. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 18 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 18 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool