Title: Is ConocoPhillips Set to Gain From Current Elevation in Crude Prices_
Date: 2026-04-29 13:24
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/energy/articles/conocophillips-set-gain-current-elevation-132400536.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
Powell holds what is expected to be his final press conference as chair after the Fed keeps rates steady
Fed holds interest rates steady with no end to Iran war in sight
Elon Musk testified again in the OpenAI trial, describing his behavior at the company and its nonprofit 'halo'
A Senate committee confirmed Kevin Warsh, sending his nomination to be chairman of the Fed to the full Senate
Stocks slipped at the open as investors awaited a Fed decision and Big Tech earnings
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
ConocoPhillips COP has operations spread across the United States, Canada, Europe, Africa, Asia-Pacific and the Middle East. COP generates revenues primarily through the exploration, production, transportation and marketing of crude oil, natural gas, natural gas liquids and bitumen. Since ConocoPhillips generates revenues from upstream operations, with crude oil contributing the largest portion of revenues, its business model is highly dependent on commodity price volatility.
Escalating geopolitical tensions in the Middle East, involving Iran, Israel and the United States, have pushed crude prices upward, creating a supportive business environment for ConocoPhillips. Rising West Texas Intermediate (‘WTI’) and Brent crude prices, fueled by the ongoing conflict, are expected to benefit COP’s earnings. With WTI prices trading above $95 per barrel and Brent crude trading higher than $105 per barrel, according to Oilprice.com, the upstream player is well-positioned to benefit from stronger realizations across its global upstream portfolio.
COP maintains a strong foothold in the Lower 48 region, primarily driven by its extensive operations in the prolific Permian Basin. This region consists of resource-rich unconventional assets across the United States, characterized by low production costs and shorter extraction times, enabling the company to generate margins even in a low commodity price environment. Leveraging its deep-rooted presence in the Lower 48 region, combined with elevated crude prices, the company continues to drive operational efficiency and position itself to deliver sustained cash flow and shareholder value.
Similar to ConocoPhillips, Diamondback Energy, Inc. FANG and Exxon Mobil Corporation XOM have a significant presence in upstream operations, exposing their business models to crude price volatility. Diamondback Energy has a strong footprint in the Permian Basin with approximately 1,097,846 gross acres (869,036 net acres) as of Dec. 31, 2025. With high-quality, geographically diversified asset portfolios, ExxonMobil has its advantaged assets in the Permian Basin and offshore Guyana. Therefore, a strong footprint in the Permian Basin, coupled with elevated crude prices, is likely to benefit the business models of FANG and XOM.
COP shares have gained 35.2% over the past year compared with 29.1% growth of the industry.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
From a valuation standpoint, COP trades at a trailing 12-month enterprise-value-to-EBITDA (EV/EBITDA) of 6.58X. This is above the broader industry average of 5.43X.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for COP's first-quarter 2026 and full-year 2026 earnings has seen upward revisions over the past seven days. Meanwhile, estimates for second-quarter 2026 earnings have remained unchanged.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
COP currently sports a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) : Free Stock Analysis Report
ConocoPhillips (COP) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Diamondback Energy, Inc. (FANG) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio