Title: Is Now the Time to Buy the iShares CORO ETF After Lansing Street Advisors Purcha
Date: 2026-04-30 13:49
URL: https://www.fool.com/coverage/filings/2026/04/30/is-now-the-time-to-buy-the-ishares-coro-etf-after-lansing-street-advisors-purchased-over-230-000-shares/?.tsrc=rss

This ETF provides dynamic global equity exposure, rotating country allocations with a rules-based strategy for diversified investing.
Lansing Street Advisors disclosed in a recent SEC filing that it established a new stake in BlackRock ETF Trust - iShares International Country Rotation Active ETF (CORO +2.64%) during the first quarter of 2026.
The investment firm acquired 233,608 shares, with the estimated transaction value at $7.51 million based on the quarter’s average share price. The quarter-end position value also increased by $7.51 million, reflecting the new stake and any price movement.
The BlackRock ETF Trust - iShares International Country Rotation Active ETF is designed to provide investors with access to a diversified portfolio of international equities by rotating country allocations based on quantitative models.
The fund leverages BlackRock's expertise in active management and global market research to optimize country selection and risk-adjusted returns. Its flexible strategy aims to capture opportunities across developed and emerging markets, offering a differentiated approach to international equity investing.
The first quarter purchase of the BlackRock ETF Trust - iShares International Country Rotation Active ETF (CORO) by Lansing Street Advisors is a noteworthy event for investors. Not only is the buy a new position for the investment firm, Lansing Street Advisors joins many other institutional investors in jumping into CORO during Q1, such as Kelly Financial, Triad Wealth Partners, and Hobbs Wealth.
This trend suggests CORO may be a good ETF to buy, so long as it can meet your individual investment goals. The fund offers an actively-managed approach to investing in international markets, which contributes to its pricey expense ratio of 0.55%. However, its strong one-year return and good dividend yield can make holding the ETF worthwhile.
This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating
Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason.
The fund’s dynamic strategy of shifting to markets with strong economic momentum is a factor in its excellent performance, and a compelling reason to buy CORO, particularly for those who want to add international exposure to round out a portfolio.

 


Before you buy stock in BlackRock ETF Trust - iShares International Country Rotation Active ETF, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and BlackRock ETF Trust - iShares International Country Rotation Active ETF wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $496,797!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,282,815!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 979% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 200% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 30, 2026. 

Robert Izquierdo has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Vanguard S&P 500 ETF. The Motley Fool recommends the following options: long January 2028 $320 calls on McDonald's and short January 2028 $340 calls on McDonald's. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 35 Amazons.
What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating
Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends