Title: ISG Future Workplace Summit to Explore How AI Is Transforming Work, Skills and L
Date: 2026-04-29 14:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/technology/articles/isg-future-workplace-summit-explore-140000212.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
Powell holds what is expected to be his final press conference as chair after the Fed keeps rates steady
Fed holds interest rates steady with no end to Iran war in sight
Elon Musk testified again in the OpenAI trial, describing his behavior at the company and its nonprofit 'halo'
A Senate committee confirmed Kevin Warsh, sending his nomination to be chairman of the Fed to the full Senate
Stocks slipped at the open as investors awaited a Fed decision and Big Tech earnings
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Leaders with LinkedIn, McDonald’s, Dentsu, Pfizer, PepsiCo, Royal Caribbean, Wayfair, New York Life and more to discuss AI-driven workplace transformation
STAMFORD, Conn., April 29, 2026--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Information Services Group (ISG) (Nasdaq: III), a global AI-centered technology research and advisory firm, will welcome enterprise leaders, HR executives and digital workplace strategists to the 2026 ISG Future Workplace Summit to discuss operating models, talent strategies and employee experiences for the AI-enabled workplace.
Leaders with LinkedIn, McDonald’s, Dentsu, Pfizer, PepsiCo, Royal Caribbean, Wayfair, New York Life and more will join the event, May 11–12 at Ease, 605 Third Avenue in New York City, for keynote presentations, expert panels and research-driven sessions on redesigning work in the age of AI.
"New ISG research shows investment in AI has soared tenfold since 2023, but workplace impact is lagging behind," said Stacey Cadigan, partner, ISG Human Capital Management and host of the ISG Future Workplace Summit. "To achieve their business objectives, enterprises must completely redesign interactions, processes and the roles and responsibilities of humans and AI."
Ana Maria Sencovici, chief talent officer for Royal Caribbean Group, will open the event with a keynote address on "Leading Yourself Before Leading Through Change," exploring how to use self-awareness as a leadership advantage as AI reshapes decision-making.
The panel discussion on "What Real Human-AI Integration Looks Like" will ask Celia Hall, senior manager, digital HR strategy, LinkedIn; Kartick Kalaimani, vice president, global contract to cash value stream lead, Dentsu, and Tope Sadiku, global director of organization design and effectiveness, McDonald’s, how leading enterprises are embedding AI into workflows while maintaining a human-centered approach to productivity and decision-making.
Overcoming AI resistance will be covered in "Why Your AI Initiative Is Stalling and What to Do About It," presented by Dr. Cecilia Dones, founder of 3 Standard Deviations, and the "From Skepticism to Confidence: Resetting the Workforce Conversation on AI" panel discussion, with Robert Perkins, chief global inclusion and learning officer, Mondelez International; Olesya Govorun, org development and culture transformation lead, Pfizer, and Anantha Ramakrishnan, senior director, Optum Advisory, UnitedHealth Group – Optum.
Day one will conclude with the ISG Startup Challenge, featuring Shawn Rucks, CEO, Veracore AI, which deploys intelligent agents across any legacy domain, and George Garnett, Sr., account executive at PAIR, an AI adoption layer for enterprises, pitching their business innovations to a panel of judges for an audience vote.
Cathy Peterman, chief people officer, technology for Wayfair, will open day two of the event with the "Trust the Boss Before the Bot: Why AI Adoption Starts with Leadership, Not Technology" keynote address, asserting that AI resistance represents a trust gap rather than a skills gap.
"The process of incorporating AI should start with a blank slate," Cadigan said. "When redesigning for speed and growth, starting with an ‘AI + human’ mindset might deliver results that are two, five or even ten times the impact of limited, bespoke projects."
Human capabilities that gain value over time and priorities for learning and development will be explored by Ying Li, head of people analytics, PepsiCo; Justin Newlin, director, executive search and PVH Culture, PVH, and Elizabeth Tyndell, head of talent acquisition at New York Life, in "The Skills That Compound in an AI Era."
Anna Tavis, professor, director of the Coaching Innovation Lab and department chair at New York University will share how human-centered AI can personalize the employee experience in her "Human Centered, AI Powered Workplace" session. The "Scaling AI & Enabling Distributed Innovation in the Workplace" session, led by Fabio Caversan, global CTO, and Tudor Ungureanu, digital workplace practice lead, Stefanini Group, will look at how organizations are scaling AI adoption across distributed teams.
Designing organizations built to adapt, not just endure, will be covered in "Redesigning Workforce Strategy for Permanent Uncertainty," with Jhneall Gardner, vice president, talent, Warner Bros. Discovery; Perla Terrero, global head of people and culture strategy and process optimization, Sanofi, and Asel Ashergold, director, talent and network, EQT.
Stefanini Group, Accenture, clocate.com, JDA TSG and Hifo.co are sponsors of the ISG Future Workplace Summit.
Additional information and registration for the ISG Future Workplace Summit is available on the event website.
About ISG
ISG (Nasdaq: III) is a global AI-centered technology research and advisory firm. A trusted partner to more than 900 clients, including 75 of the world’s top 100 enterprises, ISG is a long-time leader in technology and business services that is now at the forefront of leveraging AI to help organizations achieve operational excellence and faster growth. The firm, founded in 2006, is known for its proprietary market data and research, in-depth knowledge and governance of provider ecosystems, and the expertise of its 1,500 professionals worldwide working together to help clients maximize the value of their technology investments.
View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20260429707861/en/
Contacts
Press Contacts: 
Laura Hupprich, ISG+1 203-517-3100laura.hupprich@isg-one.com
Eric Arvidson, Matter Communications for ISG+1 978-518-4542isg@matternow.com
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio