Title: Why McDonald's (MCD) Outpaced the Stock Market Today
Date: 2026-04-30 21:45
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/why-mcdonalds-mcd-outpaced-stock-214505802.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
Powell holds what is expected to be his final press conference as chair after the Fed keeps rates steady
Fed holds interest rates steady with no end to Iran war in sight
Elon Musk testified again in the OpenAI trial, describing his behavior at the company and its nonprofit 'halo'
A Senate committee confirmed Kevin Warsh, sending his nomination to be chairman of the Fed to the full Senate
Stocks slipped at the open as investors awaited a Fed decision and Big Tech earnings
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
McDonald's (MCD) closed at $293.59 in the latest trading session, marking a +1.21% move from the prior day. The stock's change was more than the S&P 500's daily gain of 1.02%. Meanwhile, the Dow experienced a rise of 1.62%, and the technology-dominated Nasdaq saw an increase of 0.89%.
Prior to today's trading, shares of the world's biggest hamburger chain had lost 5.6% lagged the Retail-Wholesale sector's gain of 13.36% and the S&P 500's gain of 12.23%.
The investment community will be paying close attention to the earnings performance of McDonald's in its upcoming release. The company is slated to reveal its earnings on May 7, 2026. On that day, McDonald's is projected to report earnings of $2.75 per share, which would represent year-over-year growth of 3%. Meanwhile, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for revenue is projecting net sales of $6.49 billion, up 8.93% from the year-ago period.
For the annual period, the Zacks Consensus Estimates anticipate earnings of $13.21 per share and a revenue of $28.69 billion, signifying shifts of +8.28% and +6.72%, respectively, from the last year.
It's also important for investors to be aware of any recent modifications to analyst estimates for McDonald's. These latest adjustments often mirror the shifting dynamics of short-term business patterns. As such, positive estimate revisions reflect analyst optimism about the business and profitability.
Research indicates that these estimate revisions are directly correlated with near-term share price momentum. To benefit from this, we have developed the Zacks Rank, a proprietary model which takes these estimate changes into account and provides an actionable rating system.
Ranging from #1 (Strong Buy) to #5 (Strong Sell), the Zacks Rank system has a proven, outside-audited track record of outperformance, with #1 stocks returning an average of +25% annually since 1988. The Zacks Consensus EPS estimate has moved 0.18% lower within the past month. At present, McDonald's boasts a Zacks Rank of #3 (Hold).
With respect to valuation, McDonald's is currently being traded at a Forward P/E ratio of 21.96. This indicates a premium in contrast to its industry's Forward P/E of 19.44.
Meanwhile, MCD's PEG ratio is currently 2.68. The PEG ratio is akin to the commonly utilized P/E ratio, but this measure also incorporates the company's anticipated earnings growth rate. By the end of yesterday's trading, the Retail - Restaurants industry had an average PEG ratio of 1.89.
The Retail - Restaurants industry is part of the Retail-Wholesale sector. This industry currently has a Zacks Industry Rank of 165, which puts it in the bottom 33% of all 250+ industries.
The strength of our individual industry groups is measured by the Zacks Industry Rank, which is calculated based on the average Zacks Rank of the individual stocks within these groups. Our research shows that the top 50% rated industries outperform the bottom half by a factor of 2 to 1.
Remember to apply Zacks.com to follow these and more stock-moving metrics during the upcoming trading sessions.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
McDonald's Corporation (MCD) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio