Title: Jim Cramer Left Unimpressed By Microsoft (MSFT)
Date: 2026-05-04 16:18
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/jim-cramer-left-unimpressed-microsoft-161807437.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
We recently published
Jim Cramer Commented On Big Market Confusion & Discussed These 20 Stocks. Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) is one of the stocks discussed by Jim Cramer.
Technology giant Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT)’s shares are down by 4.8% over the past year and by 12% year-to-date. Cramer has discussed the firm several times over the past couple of months and expressed concern about its artificial intelligence initiatives and the popularity of the Copilot software. Benchmark commented on Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT)’s shares on April 30th, according to The Fly. It bumped the share price target to $525 from $450 and kept a Buy rating on the stock. Benchmark’s coverage came after Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT)’s latest earnings report, which saw the firm post $82.89 billion in revenue and $4.27 in adjusted earnings per share to beat analyst estimates of $81.39 billion and $4.06. Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT)’s closed 3.9% lower on April 30th, and Cramer wasn’t impressed by the earnings:
“Then Microsoft, it was okay, it’s not clear maybe they have to spend a little more on capex, maybe they’re not, their cloud, Azure is growing at 39, not 36. But they did a lot of stuff that made me confused, they had a lot of SaaS too.
“And Microsoft was not joyous. . .”
Image by Tawanda Razika from Pixabay
While we acknowledge the potential of MSFT as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock.
READ NEXT: 33 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Years and Cathie Wood 2026 Portfolio: 10 Best Stocks to Buy. 
Disclosure: None. Follow Insider Monkey on Google News.
