Title: QatarEnergy, ExxonMobil Ship 1st Cargo from Texas LNG Project
Date: 2026-04-23 14:32
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/energy/articles/qatarenergy-exxonmobil-ship-1st-cargo-143234897.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude. 
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
Allbirds' AI pivot shows signs of froth in markets, but experts say the underlying fundamentals in AI remain strong.
Dow leaps 850 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch new records in stunning rally amid US-Iran diplomacy hopes
Stocks climbed at the open and oil fell as Iran said the Strait of Hormuz is 'completely open'
The stock market has notched one of its fastest turnarounds in years
Europe is facing a severe jet fuel shortage, with 'maybe six weeks of jet fuel left'
Stocks rebound after Trump says Israel, Lebanon agreed to ceasefire
S&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq rise, with fresh records in view amid hopes for truce
Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions
S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses
The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company
S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled
Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher
US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI
JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks'
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
This article was first published on Rigzone here
Golden Pass LNG, designed to export about 18 million metric tons per annum (MMtpa), has dispatched its inaugural cargo.
"Marking an important step towards the project’s commencement of full commercial and export operations, the project's historic LNG cargo was safely and successfully loaded onboard QatarEnergy's Al-Qaiyyah LNG carrier, recently built in the Republic of Korea with a capacity of 174,000 cubic meters [6.14 million cubic feet]", majority owner QatarEnergy said in an online statement Thursday.
The state-owned company's liquefied natural gas (LNG) trading arm, QatarEnergy Trading, will offtake 70 percent of the Texas facility's production, QatarEnergy said.
"Construction and commissioning continue on Trains 2 and 3, which are expected to come online in turn, following stable operation of Train 1", Golden Pass said separately.
QatarEnergy owns 70 percent in Golden Pass. Exxon Mobil Corp holds 30 percent.
The partners announced the start of LNG production March 30, after delays and cost increases.
"The operational phase and market entry of Golden Pass LNG will come at an important time when global energy security ranks very high on energy agendas worldwide", QatarEnergy president and chief executive Saad Sherida Al-Kaabi, who is also Qatar's energy minister, said at the time.
Last month, QatarEnergy, which has positioned Qatar as one of the world's top LNG exporting countries, said it has paused LNG operations at home and declared force majeure following what it said were military attacks on its infrastructure amid the war in the Middle East.
"Golden Pass LNG is part of a wider QatarEnergy strategy for international investments that we have been planning over the past decade", Al-Kaabi added. "It also represents a significant part of the plans announced by QatarEnergy in 2018 to invest $20 billion in the U.S. energy sector. We are now seeing the first fruits of this far-sighted strategy with the start of Golden Pass LNG".
Take control of your future.Search THOUSANDS of Oil & Gas jobs on Rigzone.com Search Now >> 
Golden Pass is permitted to export the equivalent of up to 937 billion cubic feet a year of natural gas, or 18.1 MMtpa of LNG, to countries with a free trade agreement (FTA) with the U.S. and non-FTA countries. The U.S. Energy Department first granted - and later amended - the non-FTA and FTA authorizations April 2017 and September 2017 respectively.
Train 1 is one of three trains planned for Golden Pass. Recently Golden Pass reached an agreement with Chiyoda Corp and McDermott International Ltd to amend the engineering, procurement and construction (EPC) terms for the second and third trains, according to an online statement by Chiyoda November 18, 2025. The EPC terms for Train 1 had earlier been amended, as announced by Chiyoda November 25, 2024.
Yokohama-based Chiyoda, Houston-based McDermott and San Antonio-based Zachry Holdings Inc (ZHI) won the Golden Pass contract 2019. However, ZHI filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy May 2024, saying Golden Pass went beyond schedule and budget. A court-approved settlement allowed ZHI to exit the contract.
ExxonMobil and QatarEnergy sanctioned Golden Pass in 2019 with an initial budget of over $10 billion. At the time they expected the project to start operation in 2024.
Golden Pass and expansion projects in the North Field in Qatar would more than double the Gulf state's LNG capacity to 160 MMtpa, Al-Kaabi announced 2024.
According to the Energy Institute's latest "Statistical Review of World Energy", Qatar was the second-biggest LNG exporter, behind the U.S., in 2024, having shipped 106.9 billion cubic meters (3.78 trillion cubic feet).
However, on March 19, 2026, QatarEnergy said damage from missile strikes on its LNG infrastructure at home could take up to five years to repair and cost around $20 billion a year in lost revenue. The disruption affects supply to Asia and Europe, it said.
To contact the author, email jov.onsat@rigzone.com
More From Rigzone.com, The Leading Energy Platform:
EIV Capital Raises $1.1B for New Oil and Gas Funds
There Is a High Risk Being Short Energy, Analyst Warns
ERCOT Sees Demand More Than Quadrupling Current Peak
Q1 Dallas Fed Energy Survey Gets Update
>> Find the latest oil and gas jobs on Rigzone.com <<
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio