Title: Top Analyst Reports for Exxon Mobil, IBM & Citigroup
Date: 2026-04-22 20:14
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/top-analyst-reports-exxon-mobil-201400652.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude. 
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
Allbirds' AI pivot shows signs of froth in markets, but experts say the underlying fundamentals in AI remain strong.
Dow leaps 850 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch new records in stunning rally amid US-Iran diplomacy hopes
Stocks climbed at the open and oil fell as Iran said the Strait of Hormuz is 'completely open'
The stock market has notched one of its fastest turnarounds in years
Europe is facing a severe jet fuel shortage, with 'maybe six weeks of jet fuel left'
Stocks rebound after Trump says Israel, Lebanon agreed to ceasefire
S&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq rise, with fresh records in view amid hopes for truce
Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions
S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses
The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company
S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled
Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher
US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI
JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks'
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Wednesday, April 22, 2026The Zacks Research Daily presents the best research output of our analyst team. Today's Research Daily features new research reports on 16 major stocks, including Exxon Mobil Corp. (XOM), International Business Machines Corp. (IBM) and Citigroup Inc. (C), as well as two micro-cap stocks Natural Resource Partners L.P. (NRP) and Oil-Dri Corp. of America (ODC). The Zacks microcap research is unique as our research content on these small and under-the-radar companies is the only research of its type in the country.These research reports have been hand-picked from the roughly 70 reports published by our analyst team today.You can see all of today’s research reports here >>>Ahead of Wall StreetThe daily 'Ahead of Wall Street' article is a must-read for all investors who would like to be ready for that day's trading action. The article comes out before the market opens, attempting to make sense of that morning's economic releases and how they will affect that day's market action. You can read this article for free on our home page and can actually sign up there to get an email notification as this article comes out each morning.You can read today's AWS here >>> Pre-Markets Up on Ceasefire, Mostly Solid Q1 EarningsToday's Featured Research ReportsExxon Mobil’s shares have outperformed the Zacks Oil and Gas - Integrated - International industry over the past six months (+30.9% vs. +30.7%). The company’s high-value assets in the Permian Basin and Guyana drive robust production growth, doubling upstream earnings since 2019. Notably, in the Permian, XOM intends production to surpass 2.5 million oil-equivalent barrels per day beyond 2030. On the other hand, in Guyana, the company’s efforts have turned a 2015 oil discovery into one of the fastest-growing projects in the world. With a lower exposure to debt capital, XOM supports steady cash flows, dividends, buybacks and investments in high-return projects. ExxonMobil has raised its dividend every year for the past 43 years, demonstrating its commitment to returning capital to shareholders. Additionally, XOM is constructing the world’s largest low-carbon hydrogen and ammonia plant in Baytown, which is expected to position it as a frontrunner in clean energy initiatives.(You can read the full research report on Exxon Mobil here >>>)Shares of IBM have gained +7.3% over the past year against the Zacks Computer - Integrated Systems industry’s gain of +150.4%. The company is poised to benefit from strong demand for hybrid cloud and AI, driving growth in Software and Consulting. IBM’s growth is likely to be driven primarily by analytics, cloud computing, and security in the long haul. The company’s core technology platform for AI capabilities watsonx is gaining significant market traction. In collaboration with Adobe It introduced AI-driven Experience Orchestration to help companies turn customer data into real-time actions, improving responsiveness. Such innovative product launches bode well for sustainable growth. However, frequent acquisitions have escalated integration risks. Buyouts have negatively impacted the company’s balance sheet in the form of high levels of goodwill and net intangible assets. Stiff competition in the hardware enterprise servers and storage markets is weighing on profits.(You can read the full research report on IBM here >>>)Citigroup’s shares have outperformed the Zacks Financial - Investment Bank industry over the past six months (+37.7% vs. +8.7%). The company’s earnings topped estimates in the last four consecutive quarters. First-quarter 2026 results benefited from higher year-over-year net interest income (NII). Ongoing transformation initiatives, including consumer business exits, cost cuts and operational streamlining, will likely support revenue growth as stranded costs and transformation spend begin to moderate. Management expects revenues to see a 4-5% compound annual growth rate (CAGR) through 2026. Its expansion into private credit boosts diversification, with a strong capital base supporting shareholder returns. However, its rising expenses due to investments in business transformation efforts, technological advancement are worrisome. Volatility in fee income and deteriorating asset quality are concerning too.(You can read the full research report on Citigroup here >>>)Shares of Natural Resource Partners have outperformed the Zacks Coal industry over the past six months (+15.4% vs. +0.8%). This microcap company with a market capitalization of $1.53 billion offers a differentiated, asset-light royalty model that provides exposure to energy and industrial demand while limiting operational risks. Natural Resource Partners’ extensive land base supports diversified mineral income and long-term optionality from emerging uses such as carbon sequestration and renewables. The company’s stable cash flow is underpinned by contractual minimum payments and disciplined capital allocation, alongside a significantly improved balance sheet that enhances financial flexibility. However, near-term performance remains pressured by weak commodity cycles, particularly in metallurgical coal and soda ash, with suspended JV distributions and potential capital requirements adding uncertainty. Concentration in key counterparties and logistics dependencies elevates risks, leaving cash flow resilience reliant on commodity recovery.(You can read the full research report on Natural Resource Partners here >>>)Shares of Oil-Dri Corporation of America have gained +20.1% over the past six months against the Zacks Chemical - Diversified industry’s gain of +37.3%. This microcap company with a market capitalization of $1.05 billion presents a mixed investment profile anchored by diversified end-market exposure and a resilient, vertically integrated operating model. Oil-Dri Corporation of America’s Fluids Purification segment benefits from demand across edible oils, jet fuel, and renewable fuels, while innovation in premium and lightweight cat litter supports a gradual shift toward higher-value consumer products. Growth in agriculture and horticulture adds further diversification to the B2B portfolio. Strong liquidity and disciplined capital allocation enable continued reinvestment and shareholder returns. However, earnings remain sensitive to customer concentration, channel volatility, and external disruptions such as policy shifts and weather events. Retail performance shows reliance on mix improvements rather than consistent organic growth, while B2B results highlight exposure to cyclical demand and customer-specific changes.(You can read the full research report on Oil-Dri Corporation of America here >>>)Other noteworthy reports we are featuring today include General Dynamics Corp. (GD), Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. (MRSH) and Valero Energy Corp. (VLO).Mark VickerySenior EditorNote: Sheraz Mian heads the Zacks Equity Research department and is a well-regarded expert of aggregate earnings. He is frequently quoted in the print and electronic media and publishes the weekly Earnings Trends and Earnings Preview reports. If you want an email notification each time Sheraz publishes a new article, please click here>>>
Today's Must Read
ExxonMobil's (XOM) Permian Basin and Guyana Assets Aid Growth
IBM Rides on Strength in Software Segment, Product Innovation
Focus on Core Operations, Rising NII Aid Citigroup (C) Growth
Featured Reports
Contract Inflows and Solid Backlog Aid General Dynamics (GD)According to the Zacks analyst, General Dynamics ended fourth quarter 2025 with a strong backlog of $118.05 billion, driven by high order inflows and solid demand across its products and services.
Product Breadth and Acquisitions Support Marsh (MRSH), Leverage HighPer the Zacks analyst, Marsh's broad portfolio, global reach and acquisitions support resilience. However, high debt load remains a concern.
Pricing Drives Rockwell Automation (ROK), Lower Sales Volume AilPer the Zacks Analyst, lower sales in the Lifecycle Services segment are denting Rockwell Automation's margins. However, price increase actions will drive growth.
Transmission and Renewable Generation Assets Aid FirstEnergy (FE)Per the Zacks analyst, FirstEnergy's ongoing transmission and distribution investments are expected to drive earnings growth. Its Energizing the Future initiative will boost its performance.
Build-To-Order Model Aid Toll Brothers (TOL), Macro Woes AilPer the Zacks analyst, Toll Brothers is benefiting from its balanced built-to-order and spec approach. However, a soft housing market due to elevated mortgage rates are weighing on growth.
Doximity (DOCS) Growth, AI Push Offset Risks From ConcentrationPer Zacks analyst, Doximity's scale, AI expansion, and new revenue streams support growth, even as client concentration and margin pressures pose near-term risks.
Nuplazid and Daybue Sales Drive Acadia (ACAD) Amid CompetitionAcadia is witnessing robust growth in revenues, driven by Nuplazid and Daybue sales. However, the overdependence on Nuplazid and significant competition remain a woe.
New Upgrades
Valero's (VLO) Extensive Refinery Network Aids ProfitabilityPer the Zacks analyst, Valero's vast and strategically located refining network helps it tap different markets and support diverse customer needs, aided by its ability to process cost-effective crude.
Servicing Wins, Global Expansion Plan, Loans Aid State Street (STT)Per the Zacks analyst, business servicing wins, rising custody and managed assets, synergies from expansion plans, a global footprint, and a strong balance sheet position will support State Street.
Strong Cloud ARR Growth and AI Innovation Aid Teradata (TDC) ProspectsPer the Zacks Analyst, TDC is benefiting from strong cloud ARR growth, expanding AI-driven solutions, and a rich partner base.
New Downgrades
Foreign Exchange Risks, Macro Uncertainty Dim LATAM's (LTM) ProspectsThe Zacks analyst expects the elevated macro uncertainty due to the Middle East conflict to be a key headwind. Foreign exchange risks also represent a concern for this Latin American airline.
Universal Display (OLED) Plagued by Geopolitical and Macro HeadwindsPer the Zacks analyst, customers' constrained spending behavior stemming from global macroeconomic concerns and growing geopolitical volatility will likely hinder Universal Display's top line.
Tariff Costs and Promotions Weigh on Whirlpool MarginsPer the Zacks analyst, Whirlpool faces margin pressure from tariff costs and prolonged promotions, though its U.S.-centric manufacturing base may aid pricing recovery and support margins in 2026.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Citigroup Inc. (C) : Free Stock Analysis Report
General Dynamics Corporation (GD) : Free Stock Analysis Report
International Business Machines Corporation (IBM) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Valero Energy Corporation (VLO) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Natural Resource Partners LP (NRP) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Oil-Dri Corporation Of America (ODC): Free Stock Analysis Report
Marsh (MRSH) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio