Title: Golden Pass LNG begins exports from Sabine Pass terminal
Date: 2026-04-23 13:51
URL: https://www.offshore-technology.com/news/golden-pass-begins-exports-sabine-pass/?.tsrc=rss

Golden Pass LNG is a three-train facility with a nameplate capacity of around 18.1mtpa.
Golden Pass LNG has announced the departure of the first liquefied natural gas (LNG) export cargo from its LNG terminal in Sabine Pass, Texas, marking the start of exports from the site.
The joint venture, owned by QatarEnergy and ExxonMobil, reported that the cargo was safely loaded and had departed from the facility, which is designed to have a capacity of approximately 18.1 million tons per annum (mtpa).

                        The gold standard of business intelligence.
                    

                            Find out more
                            





						Combine business intelligence and editorial excellence to reach engaged professionals across 36 leading media platforms.
					

							Find out more 
Shipping data indicated that the vessel, the Al Qa’iyyahal, had left the terminal, although the destination of the inaugural shipment was unspecified.
Reuters reported that the shipment was likely heading to Italy to address shortfalls in contracted LNG deliveries due to the US-Israeli war with Iran.
Golden Pass president and CEO Alex Savva said: “Today’s first LNG export cargo is a defining moment for Golden Pass, our workforce, the community and the nation. As we advance toward full commercial operations, we are proud to have commenced supplying reliable US LNG to the global market.
“I want to take this opportunity to thank the employees, contractors, regulators, community members, QatarEnergy and ExxonMobil for their role and support in delivering this impactful milestone.”
Golden Pass said construction and commissioning of Trains 2 and 3 are ongoing, with each train scheduled to commence production once Train 1 achieves stable operation. The total investment involved in the project, which began production last month, is more than $10bn.
Golden Pass chief commercial officer Jeff Hammad said: “The successful commencement of LNG exports from our Sabine Pass terminal marks the fulfilment of the vision our shareholders – QatarEnergy and ExxonMobil – set in motion when they committed to this project years ago. It is incredibly rewarding to stand here now with Golden Pass delivering on that promise and shaping the future of global energy.”
Qatar Petroleum holds a 70% stake in the LNG project, while ExxonMobil owns the remaining 30%.
The Golden Pass LNG project sources gas from several domestic basins including Haynesville, Eagle, Permian, Marcellus and Barnett.

                The gold standard of business intelligence.
            


                    Find out more
                    





                Experience unmatched clarity with a single platform that combines unique data, AI, and human expertise.
            


                    Find out more
                    








Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights.
Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. 





                                                                                                                        Offshore Technology Focus : Offshore Technology Focus (monthly)                                                                                                                        








                                                                                                                                Thematic Take (monthly)                                                                                                                        







Visit our Privacy Policy for more information about our services, how we may use, process and share your personal data, including information on your rights in respect of your personal data and how you can unsubscribe from future marketing communications. Our services are intended for corporate subscribers and you warrant that the email address submitted is your corporate email address. 


View all newsletters from across the GlobalData Media network.

		Oil and gas news, data and in-depth articles on offshore projects, exploration and decommissioning and the trends driving technology and innovation

				Powered by
				

© GlobalData Plc 2026
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.