Title
Deep-Sea Mining Just Got a Political Tailwind, But TMC Investors May Need to Play the Long Game

Date
2026-04-09 22:35

URL
https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/09/deep-sea-mining-just-got-a-political-tailwind-but/?.tsrc=rss

Content
The United States and Japan have agreed to work together on deep-sea mining, but there's still a lot of work to be done.
TMC The Metals Company(TMC5.56%)is a money-losing start-up in the mining industry. However, it is a particular focus that sets it apart from other miners, as it aims to build and operate a deep-sea mining operation. There are notable positive developments, but investors need to recognize how much work remains to be done.
When The Metals Company received word that its application to NOAA was in substantial compliance, it trumpeted the news. Only, substantial compliance just means NOAA didn't require the company to make revisions before it started considering that application. Sure, that's good news. But it says little about whether the application will be approved or not.
Image source: Getty Images.
But The Metals Company has a vested interest in highlighting every piece of good news it can. Which is why the agreement between the United States and Japan to cooperate on deep-sea mining is also being talked up by The Metals Company's CEO. It is most certainly a positive development for deep-sea mining, but it doesn't change the near-term challenges the company faces.
Building a mining operation is expensive, time-consuming, and difficult. Building a mining operation underwater is even more expensive, time-consuming, and difficult. And The Metals Company is still nowhere near the point where it will produce material revenues. In fact, the income statement starts with expenses now because The Metals Company isn't generating any revenue. It is just spending money in the hope that it will eventually build a deep-sea mining business.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
And yet, the stock has risen by 150% over the past year. However, it is equally notable that the stock is down more than 50% from its 52-week high. Emotions and newsflow appear to be driving The Metals Company's share price. That suggests that investors need to tread with caution and think long-term if they buy the stock.
It is certainly good news that the United States and Japan are going to cooperate around deep sea mining. However, The Metals Company still has to build its deep-sea mining operation even after it receives final regulatory approval. And that will be a costly, difficult, and time-consuming effort. At the end of the day, positive news is good, but The Metals Company is likely to remain a money-losing start-up for at least several more years, if not longer. You shouldn't buy it if you aren't prepared to hold it through the start-up process and through both good and bad industry news.
Before you buy stock inTMC The Metals Company, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andTMC The Metals Companywasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $536,003!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,116,248!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is946% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to190%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2026.
Reuben Gregg Brewerhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over35 Amazons.
What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
