Title
Why Rezolve AI Stock Tanked by Almost 10% Today

Date
2026-04-09 22:04

URL
https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/09/why-rezolve-ai-stock-tanked-by-almost-10-today/?.tsrc=rss

Content
Its play for a complementary fintech company wasn't going well.
On Thursday, many investors resolved to sell out ofRezolve AI(RZLV9.93%)stock. The key reason why was the latest development in a buyout attempt that was growing increasingly hostile in a hurry. Rezolve AI's shares plunged by just under 10% that trading session as a result.
Rezolve AI's takeover target is a potentially quite complementary asset for the e-commerce-focusedartificial intelligence (AI)company, fintechCommerce.com(CMRC2.20%).
Image source: Getty Images.
On Wednesday, Rezolve AI announced it had approached Commerce.com's board of directors with a buyout proposal, under which the latter's investors would be given two shares of Rezolve AI for every share of Commerce.com they held.
According to the target company, this implied a 47% discount to its share price at the time. It said its board of directors determined this unsolicited proposal was a significantly lowball offer. Commerce.com added that it "does not warrant further engagement."
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Rezolve AI then appealed to its target's shareholders with its one-for-two offer. It followed this on Thursday with a sharp criticism of the latter's board, which also served as a fresh appeal to investors. It stated that it is "offering Commerce.com's shareholders a path out of an illiquid mirage and into a company with real momentum, real liquidity and a clear line of sight to substantially greater scale."
After Thursday's market close, there didn't seem to be much enthusiasm for the deal among Commerce.com investors; it didn't help that Rezolve AI's actions felt overly aggressive and perhaps even desperate after the board's quick, decisive refusal. Its lunge at Commerce.com already feels like a stumble, though I should note that corporate tie-ups have been consummated in worse circumstances.
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name.
Investors of both companies, then, should keep a close watch on developments. As it stands now, though, I don't think the two will end up combining.
Before you buy stock inRezolve Ai Plc, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andRezolve Ai Plcwasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $536,003!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,116,248!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is946% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to190%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2026.
Eric Volkmanhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over35 Amazons.
What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
