Title
Why Peabody Energy Stock Tumbled on Thursday

Date
2026-04-10 00:13

URL
https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/09/why-peabody-energy-stock-tumbled-on-thursday/?.tsrc=rss

Content
One mining stock analyst published a bullish report on the industry, but made a bit of an exception for the company.
An analyst's price target cut was only the latest headwind buffeting coal minerPeabody Energy's(BTU7.65%)stock. On Thursday, Peabody's shares fell by almost 9% as investors grew impatient waiting for positive news from or about the company.
That reduction, from BMO Capital's Katja Janic, was part of a broader analysis of how the first quarter might have played out forminingand metallurgical stocks. In the report, Janic lowered her Peabody price target to $40 per share from $44, while maintaining her outperform (read: buy) recommendation.
Image source: Getty Images.
According to reports, the pundit believes that most of the stocks under her firm's coverage will post higher earnings in the quarter. This will be due to a general rise in underlying commodity prices.
There's a caveat with Peabody, however. The company's stock got socked at the end of March when it revealed in a regulatory filing that first-quarter sales volume from its Centurion mine in Australia would likely be around 250,000 tons, well below the originally anticipated projection.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Coal and other traditional energy sources had been somewhat in vogue, thanks in no small part to the Trump administration's desire to boost these industries. However, I don't think this can last, as greener energy generation solutions have proven not only to be viable, but also popular because of their light impact on the environment.
Mainly for that reason, I'd give Peabody and the rest of the coal industry a pass.
Before you buy stock inPeabody Energy, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andPeabody Energywasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $536,003!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,116,248!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is946% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to190%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2026.
Eric Volkmanhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over18 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 18 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
