Title
Why Turning Point Brands Stock Was on Fire Today

Date
2026-04-09 23:04

URL
https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/09/why-turning-point-brands-stock-was-on-fire-today/?.tsrc=rss

Content
It's signed a marketing deal with a unique sports and entertainment company.
A new marketing deal with a suitable business partner lit a hot flame underTurning Point Brands(TPB+9.90%)stock on the second-to-last trading day of the week. The tobacco productsspecialist's equity rocketed more than 10% higher that day, indicating widespread shareholder satisfaction with the deal.
That partner isTKO Group Holdings(TKO+0.01%), the owner of Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) and World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), among other sports and entertainment assets. TKO announced Thursday that it and Turning Point have entered into a multi-year marketing partnership centered on the tobacco company's FRE nicotine pouches.
Image source: Getty Images.
Under the terms of the deal, FRE will be marketed via what TKO described as "custom integrations and experiences" across six of its partner's brands. These include UFC, UFC BJJ (Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu), Zuffa Boxing, and Professional Bull Riders (PBR).
The lineup also comprises a pair of brands controlled by TKO's IMG sports marketing and management arm, bodybuilding competition World's Strongest Man, and auto racing series Formula Drift.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
The financial particulars of the partnership were not disclosed.
One business conspicuously absent from TKO's press release was the one that brought in the most revenue for it in 2025 -- WWE.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all,Stock Advisor’stotal average return is946%*— a market-crushing outperformance compared to190%for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy right now,available when you joinStock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2026.
The wrestling federation has a large audience that watches its anchor shows and premium events on top videostreaming servicesNetflixandWalt Disney's ESPN+. Advertising on such content would surely give FRE and its owner quite a boost in customer numbers and revenue, although its opportunity on those platforms might be limited given that it's hawking tobacco products.
Perhaps Turning Point is arranging a separate marketing deal with TKO for that brand, but we can only speculate at this point. As for the actual terms of the arrangement, those other TKO brands are suitable for hocking FRE, since their audiences are overwhelmingly adult and therefore a chunky (if broad), and ideal crowd of potential customers.
Before you buy stock inTurning Point Brands, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andTurning Point Brandswasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $536,003!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,116,248!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is946% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to190%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2026.
Eric Volkmanhas positions in TKO Group Holdings and Walt Disney. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Netflix and Walt Disney. The Motley Fool recommends TKO Group Holdings and Turning Point Brands. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over35 Amazons.
What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
