Title
Why Marvell Stock Climbed Today

Date
2026-04-09 22:50

URL
https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/09/why-marvell-stock-is-up-today/?.tsrc=rss

Content
The artificial intelligence (AI) chipmaker's share price is set to jump 25%, according to a major investment bank.
Shares ofMarvell Technology(MRVL+4.78%)rose on Thursday, following positive analyst remarks.
By the close of trading, Marvell's stock price was up nearly 5%.
Image source: The Motley Fool.
Marvell is perhaps best known for its custom chip design services. Thesemiconductormaker's application-specific integrated circuits (ASICs) are used by cloud data center operators to accelerate artificial intelligence (AI) workloads.
Yet investors are not yet fully appreciating the value of Marvell's optical components business, according toBarclaysanalyst Tom O'Malley.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
O'Malley estimates that Marvell's optical-networking sales will surge up to 90% in 2026 and 2027. This equipment enables high-speed data transmission within advanced AI infrastructure.
In turn, O'Malley sees Marvell's share price climbing 25% to $150.
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name.
Marvell acquired Celestial AI -- a leader in high-performance, power-efficient connectivity tools -- for $3.25 billion in December. The deal bolstered Marvell's optical technology and broadened its product offerings.
Marvell also announced a strategic partnership withNvidiain March. The two companies are integrating Marvell's custom chips and networking solutions into Nvidia's massively popular AI computing platform. As part of the agreement, Nvidia is investing $2 billion in Marvell to help fund its expansion.
Before you buy stock inMarvell Technology, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andMarvell Technologywasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $536,003!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,116,248!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is946% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to190%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2026.
Joe Tenebrusohas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Marvell Technology and Nvidia. The Motley Fool recommends Barclays Plc. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over35 Amazons.
What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
