Title: Energy Transition Today - Genie Energy: Navigating Financial Reporting Challenges Amidst Transition
Date: 2026-04-09 12:37
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/energy/articles/energy-transition-today-genie-energy-113735830.html?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian.
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
Nike set the stage for a turnaround, but global events keep getting in its way
Genie Energy Ltd., a provider of retail and renewable energy solutions, announced that it received a notice from the New York Stock Exchange regarding a delay in filing its annual report. The delay is due to the necessity of preparing restated audited financial statements for previous years, which would be included in the comprehensive report for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2025. This development highlights challenges in financial reporting within the energy sector during the ongoing energy transition, as companies strive to meet regulatory requirements while adapting to renewable energy advancements. Despite the filing delay, the company's stock listing remains unaffected, and it aims to regain compliance within the given timeframe.
GE Vernovalast closed at $936.07 up 2.8%, hovering around its 52-week high.
In other market news,Barito Pacificwas a standout up 20.9% and ending trading at IDR1,765.00. Meanwhile,Equinortrailed, down 12.1% to finish the session at NOK361.90.
GE Vernova's growth is fueled by rising demand for electrification and strategic tech investments. Discover more about how this demand potentially impacts their earnings forecast by clicking on the narrative.
In our Market Insights article titled "What’s Happening with Renewables & EVs?", we examined the 2025 resurgence in renewable energy stocks driven by increased datacenter demand, highlighting urgent investment opportunities within the ongoing energy transition.
Constellation Energyclosed at $284.27 up 4.3%.
Teslafinished trading at $343.25 down 1%.
Chevronfinished trading at $192.89 down 4.3%.
Click here to unveil our expertly curated list of 187Energy Transition StocksincludingNextpower,JSW EnergyandA2A.
Curious About Other Options?The end of cancer? These 30 emerging AI stocks are developing tech that will allow early identification of life changing diseases like cancer and Alzheimer's.
This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature.We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice.It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock, and does not take account of your objectives, or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.
Sources:
Simply Wall St
"Genie Energy Receives NYSE Notice Regarding Delayed 10-K Filing" from Genie Energy Ltd. on GlobeNewswire (published 07 April 2026)
Companies discussed in this article include IDX:BRPTNasdaqGS:CEGNYSE:GEVNasdaqGS:TSLANYSE:CVXand OB:EQNR.
This article was originally published bySimply Wall St.
Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content?Get in touchwith us directly.Alternatively, emaileditorial-team@simplywallst.com
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio