Title: Chevron vs. Exxon: Who's benefited the most from higher oil prices?
Date: 2026-04-09 15:45
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/chevron-vs-exxon-whos-benefited-the-most-from-higher-oil-prices-144509178.html?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian.
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
Nike set the stage for a turnaround, but global events keep getting in its way
Truist analysts upgraded the energy sector (XLE) to Attractive from Neutral earlier this week, as oil prices (CL=F,BZ=F) climb back to $100 per barrel on Thursday.
Yahoo Finance Breaking News Reporter Jake Conley and Truist CIO Keith Lerner compare the performance of energy giants Exxon Mobil (XOM) and Chevron (CVX) as oil prices remain elevated.
Jake, I think Keith brings up a good point here on on energy not doing much the past decade, which I do find surprising because Exon, Chevron, a lot of these companies have cleaned up their finances, whether they were under attack from activist investors, whatever it is. In in many respects, these are different companies compared to a decade ago. They're generating more cash and I would say they've been a little more shareholder friendly, too.
Yeah, I think that's right. These are highly stable long-term businesses. You think of energy as a defensive sector. You talk about Exon, you talk about Chevron. These are companies that are reliable. They have the model in place, they have the numbers to support that. And I think investors kind of took a backseat on energy thinking, these are stable stocks. Now, obviously, into 2026, the best performing sector in the S&P this year, as energy has become such a story.
You also have to remember for coming into this year, we thought the oil market was going to be deeply over supplied. We were expecting oil prices to moderate down throughout the year. Certainly not crossing 100, which has pumped a lot of energy back into these stocks. You and I, Brian were talking yesterday about Exon. Their global oil equivalent production is going to take a 6% hit on the first quarter, but they're also getting the bonus of getting to sell their products that they do have at the higher price points that these elevated prices are allowing them. Chevron is also going to get that bump. Shell, BP, Conco Phillips, all these companies are going to benefit from these higher prices and probably keep at these more elevated valuations, keep moving forward, at least as long as these oil prices stay, you know, in the sector and in focus for investors.
Keith, I I I don't have I really don't agree with that Goldman call that oil is going to magically go back to $75 a barrel by the fourth quarter. Maybe it will, maybe it won't, unclear. But I do think there is going to be some form of war premium that is going to stick around in oil prices for at least six months, if not longer.
Yeah, I agree with that. I also think if that's the case, then the earning estimates are likely to move higher and therefore the valuations, which do look a bit rich right now, probably aren't as rich because those earning estimates have upside room as well. So that's another reason behind the the upgrade.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio