Title: Oil Rises in Choppy Session as Saudi Supplies Hit By Attacks
Date: 2026-04-09 21:11
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/oil-rises-biggest-drop-since-001648111.html?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian.
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
(Bloomberg) -- Oil climbed in choppy trading as a tenuous ceasefire between the US and Iran failed to allay fears of further disruptions to Middle Eastern flows, while shipping through the Strait of Hormuz remains largely blocked.
West Texas Intermediate’s May contract swung in a more than $7 range before settling higher near $98 a barrel. Brent for June edged up to end the day just below $96. Both benchmarks lifted by roughly $2 in post-settlement trading.
Prices rallied into market close as Saudi Arabia’s press agency said the nation’s oil production capacity has been cut by around 600,000 barrels a day due to attacks on energy infrastructure from the conflict. That figure accounts for roughly one-tenth of normal Saudi crude exports, according to Bloomberg calculations. Kuwait, meanwhile, said it is currently intercepting drone attacks and that some vital facilities were targeted.
The headlines halted oil’s steady descent from intraday highs as investors absorbed de-escalatory rhetoric, reminding markets that tensions remain high across the Persian Gulf. US Vice President JD Vance is expected to lead the American delegation in discussions with Iran scheduled in Pakistan on Saturday.
But flows through the vital Strait of Hormuz are still severely curtailed. The near-closure of the waterway — through which about a fifth of the world’s oil and liquefied natural gas flowed before the US and Israel first struck Iran at the end of February — has caused the biggest-ever oil market supply disruption.
Even once Hormuz transit picks up, the return of energy supplies won’t be instant. Output has been reduced at oil and gas fields, while refineries have curtailed production or shut down. Some of those will take weeks — or possibly longer — to return to normal.
“The fact of the matter is, it’s not over until it’s over. Missiles, mines and drones are still running through the region,” said Carl Larry, an oil and gas analyst at Enverus. “We can keep hope alive as talks continue, but damages, especially to areas that are sensitive to oil and shipping are still a large part of the equation.”
The conflict has sparked intense headline volatility, prompting the Intercontinental Exchange Inc. to make it more expensive to trade its Brent crude contracts. The shift threatens to further sap liquidity from an already thin market.
Both benchmarks pared advances on Thursday after Israel agreed to direct talks with Lebanon, though Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu later clarified that there is “no ceasefire in Lebanon.” That contradicted President Donald Trump’s assurances that Israel is “scaling back” operations in that country. Israeli strikes on Lebanon led Iran to again halt traffic through the strait on Wednesday.
The boss of the UAE’s biggest oil company said Iran is restricting access to Hormuz. Iran’s Foreign Minister Abbas Araghchi said safe transit through the waterway is possible via guidelines.
Two fully-laden Chinese oil tankers in the Persian Gulf were approaching the strait on Thursday, potentially putting them on track to become the first such vessels to cross since the ceasefire was announced.
“While paper markets tend to price a full reopening, the physical reality is that any recovery in flows will be gradual — and hasn’t meaningfully begun,” said Rebecca Babin, a senior energy trader at CIBC Private Wealth Group.
Meanwhile, the Islamic Republic’s Ports and Maritime Organization announced two designated safe routes for vessels entering and exiting the strait, according to state-run Nour News. The passageways were established to avoid possible mines, according to the report.
Physical markets continued to show signs of strength. A fresh round of cargo bidding in the North Sea sent the Dated Brent physical crude benchmark soaring to almost $132 a barrel, according to a broker monitoring S&P Global data.
--With assistance from Yongchang Chin, Rob Verdonck and Will Kubzansky.
(A previous version corrected the price in the headline.)
More stories like this are available onbloomberg.com
©2026 Bloomberg L.P.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio