Title: C.H. Robinson Q1 Earnings Surpass Estimates, Increase Year Over Year
Date: 2026-04-30 17:01
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/c-h-robinson-q1-earnings-170100118.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
Powell holds what is expected to be his final press conference as chair after the Fed keeps rates steady
Fed holds interest rates steady with no end to Iran war in sight
Elon Musk testified again in the OpenAI trial, describing his behavior at the company and its nonprofit 'halo'
A Senate committee confirmed Kevin Warsh, sending his nomination to be chairman of the Fed to the full Senate
Stocks slipped at the open as investors awaited a Fed decision and Big Tech earnings
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. (CHRW) reported mixed first-quarter 2026 results, wherein earnings surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate while revenues missed the same.
Quarterly earnings per share (EPS) of $1.35 outpaced the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $1.24 and improved 15.4% year over year. C.H. Robinson reported earnings growth on the back of market share gains, revenue management, a cost of hire advantage versus the market and productivity improvements (aided by its Lean AI strategy).
Total revenues of $4.01 billion missed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $4.08 billion and fell 0.8% year over year, owing to the lower volume in the company’s ocean and truckload services and lower pricing in the ocean services. These were, however, partially offset by higher pricing in CHRW’s truckload and less than truckload (LTL) services.
C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. price-consensus-eps-surprise-chart | C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. Quote
Adjusted gross profits fell 1.9% year over year to $660.5 million in the first quarter, owing to lower adjusted gross profit per transaction and lower volume in ocean services. This was partially offset by higher adjusted gross profit per transaction in the company’s LTL services.
Adjusted income from operations grew 5.6% year over year to $195.9 million. Adjusted operating margin of 26.6% grew 30 basis points from the year-ago reported quarter.
Operating expenses decreased 2.3% year over year to $484.8 million. Personnel expenses grew 1.2% year over year to $352.7 million, owing to higher restructuring charges related to workforce reductions, partially offset by cost optimization efforts and productivity improvements. Other selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expenses decreased 10.6% year over year to $132.1 million, owing to a prior year impairment charge on CHRW’s Kansas City regional center lease resulting from the execution of a sublease agreement on a portion of the building. In addition, other SG&A expenses declined across several expense categories in 2026 due to cost optimization efforts.
North American Surface Transportation’s total revenues were $2.94 billion (up 2.8% year over year) in the first quarter, owing tohigher pricing in CHRW’s truckload and LTL services. Adjusted gross profit of the segment grew 3% year over year to $431.07 million.
Total revenues from Global Forwarding fell 14.2% year over year to $664.73 million, owing to lower pricing and volume in the company’s ocean services. Adjusted gross profits fell 12.1% year over year to $162.29 million.
Revenues from other sources (Robinson Fresh, Managed Services and Other Surface Transportation) decreased 0.6% year over year to $400.88 million.
Below, we present the division of adjusted profits among the service lines (on an enterprise basis).Transportation: The unit (comprising Truckload, LTL, Ocean, Air, Customs and Other logistics services) delivered an adjusted gross profit of $628.40million in the quarter under review, down 1.9% from the prior-year figure.
Adjusted gross profits of LTL, Customs and Other logistics services grew 10.1%, 20.1% and 6.6%, year over year, respectively. Truckload, Ocean and Air’s adjusted gross profits declined 4.1%, 22% and 0.3% year over year, respectively.
CHRW exited the first quarter with cash and cash equivalents of $159.66 million compared with $160.87 million at the end of the prior quarter. Long-term debt was $1.34 billion compared with $1.09 billion at the end of the prior quarter.
CHRW generated $68.6 million of cash from operations in the first quarter of 2026, down from $106.5 million generated in the year-ago quarter. The $37.9 million downside in cash flow generation was owing to a $62.4 million decrease in cash generated by changes in net operating working capital.
In the first quarter of 2026, CHRW rewarded its shareholders with $359.8 million, which includes $280.7 million in the form of share repurchases and $79 million through cash dividends.
Capital expenditures were $15 million in the reported quarter.
For 2026, capital expenditures for 2026 are anticipated to be between $75 million and $85 million.
Currently, CHRW carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
Delta Air Lines (DAL) reported first-quarter 2026 earnings (excluding $1.08 from non-recurring items) of 64 cents per share, which beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 61 cents. Earnings increased 39.1% on a year-over-year basis due to high labor costs. Adjusted revenues in the March-end quarter were $14.2 billion, beating the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $14 billion and increasing on a year-over-year basis.
United Airlines Holdings, Inc. (UAL) reported solid first-quarter 2026 results wherein the company’s earnings and revenues beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate as well as improved on a year-over-year basis.
UAL's first-quarter 2026 adjusted earnings per share (EPS) (excluding 95 cents from non-recurring items) of $1.19 surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $1.08 and increased 30.8% on a year-over-year basis. The reported figure lies within the guided range of $1.00-$1.50.
Operating revenues of $14.6 billion outpaced the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $14.3 billion and increased 10.5% year over year. Passenger revenues (which accounted for 90.1% of the top line) increased 11% year over year to $13.1 billion. UAL flights transported 42,486 passengers in the first quarter, up 4.1% year over year.
Cargo revenues fell 1.6% year over year to $422 million. Revenues from other sources rose 10.5% year over year to $1.02 billion.
J.B. Hunt Transport Services JBHT posted first-quarter 2026 earnings per share of $1.49, up 27% from $1.17 a year ago. The result topped the Zacks Consensus Estimate by $0.04, a 2.8% surprise.
Operating revenues totaled $3.06 billion, rising 4.6% year over year. Revenues beat the consensus mark of $2.94 billion, resulting in a 3.9% surprise, as demand proved resilient across several service offerings, led by Intermodal volume growth and higher revenue per load in select highway-related businesses.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
United Airlines Holdings Inc (UAL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. (JBHT) : Free Stock Analysis Report
C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. (CHRW) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio