Title: Travelers are starting to balk at sky-high airline ticket prices, BofA data show
Date: 2026-04-28 15:51
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/travelers-are-starting-to-balk-at-sky-high-airline-ticket-prices-bofa-data-shows-155107753.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
Powell holds what is expected to be his final press conference as chair after the Fed keeps rates steady
Fed holds interest rates steady with no end to Iran war in sight
Elon Musk testified again in the OpenAI trial, describing his behavior at the company and its nonprofit 'halo'
A Senate committee confirmed Kevin Warsh, sending his nomination to be chairman of the Fed to the full Senate
Stocks slipped at the open as investors awaited a Fed decision and Big Tech earnings
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
If you're using airlines as a forward economic indicator, the warning alarm is going off.
Weakness in air travel emerges: Air travel traffic has slowed substantially as consumers face higher ticket prices and baggage fees since the start of Operation Epic Fury, according to new data from Bank of America. In recent days, traffic has fallen below its 2024 and 2025 levels (see chart below).
"Since air tickets tend to be purchased on average six weeks before travel, we think the slowdown is likely due to the impact of the Iran war on not only airfares but also confidence," BofA economist Aditya Bhave wrote. "News reports of long security lines and flight delays due to TSA disruptions might also be weighing on consumers' willingness to fly. The implication is that discretionary services spending will probably be soft in April, after a strong March."
Read more: Your flight is about to get more expensive. These tips could save you.
By the numbers: The cost of jet fuel, which makes up about 25% to 30% of airlines' costs, has risen sharply since the start of the war in late February.
As of April 13, the average domestic round-trip flight cost $358, up 18% — or about $55 — from last year, according to travel booking site Kayak. International flights have also gotten pricier. Kayak data shows the cost of a round-trip economy flight from the US to foreign destinations has risen by an average of $115, to $1,064, compared to last year.
What one airline executive said: Delta (DAL) CEO Ed Bastian has been under fire since he hinted on an earnings call this month that he is in no rush to lower airfare prices if jet fuel prices retrench. Bastian said the airline would aim to "retain any of the pricing strength" gained during the conflict.
Delta has recently increased baggage fees, with fees for travelers' first and second checked bags rising by $10 to $55 each. Prices for third checked bags have increased by $50 to $200.
The bottom line: The US consumers have shown remarkable resilience as higher prices from the war have started to seep into their everyday lives. Clearly, the record-setting stock market has shrugged off any concerns of a consumer pullback.
But consumers aren't idiots, and they could be approaching the point where they rein in their spending until more normal prices emerge. Be on the lookout for this in the coming economic data.
Brian Sozzi is Yahoo Finance's Executive Editor and a member of Yahoo Finance's editorial leadership team. Follow Sozzi on X @BrianSozzi, Instagram, and LinkedIn. Tips on stories? Email brian.sozzi@yahoofinance.com.
Click here for in-depth analysis of the latest stock market news and events moving stock prices
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio