Title: 1 Cash-Producing Stock Worth Investigating and 2 Facing Headwinds
Date: 2026-05-03 04:36
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/1-cash-producing-stock-worth-043655481.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
A company that generates cash isn’t automatically a winner. Some businesses stockpile cash but fail to reinvest wisely, limiting their ability to expand. Not all companies are created equal, and StockStory is here to surface the ones with real upside. That said, here is one cash-producing company that leverages its financial strength to beat its competitors and two best left off your watchlist. Trailing 12-Month Free Cash Flow Margin: 3.7% Recycling corporate waste to help companies be more sustainable, Quest Resource (NASDAQ:QRHC) is a provider of waste and recycling services. Why Do We Avoid QRHC? Products and services are facing significant end-market challenges during this cycle as sales have declined by 6.9% annually over the last two years Low free cash flow margin of -0.3% for the last five years gives it little breathing room, constraining its ability to self-fund growth or return capital to shareholders High net-debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 7× increases the risk of forced asset sales or dilutive financing if operational performance weakens At $1.13 per share, Quest Resource trades at 8x forward EV-to-EBITDA.Dive into our free research report to see why there are better opportunities than QRHC. Trailing 12-Month Free Cash Flow Margin: 27.6% Founded by scientists who wanted to build a company where science could thrive, Regeneron Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:REGN) develops and commercializes medicines for serious diseases, with key products treating eye conditions, allergic diseases, cancer, and other disorders. Why Are We Wary of REGN? Scale is a double-edged sword because it limits the company’s growth potential compared to its smaller competitors, as reflected in its below-average annual revenue increases of 6.7% for the last two years Free cash flow margin dropped by 20.5 percentage points over the last five years, implying the company became more capital intensive as competition picked up Eroding returns on capital suggest its historical profit centers are aging Regeneron’s stock price of $704 implies a valuation ratio of 14.1x forward P/E.To fully understand why you should be careful with REGN, check out our full research report (it’s free). Trailing 12-Month Free Cash Flow Margin: 4.4% With over 100 million people served across its various businesses and a workforce of more than 400,000, UnitedHealth Group (NYSE:UNH) operates a health insurance business and Optum, a healthcare services division that provides everything from pharmacy benefits to primary care. Why Do We Like UNH? Decent 11.3% annual revenue growth over the last five years beat most of its peers, showing customers find value in its products and services Enormous revenue base of $449.7 billion gives it leverage over plan holders and advantageous reimbursement terms with healthcare providers Market-beating returns on capital illustrate that management has a knack for investing in profitable ventures UnitedHealth is trading at $369.38 per share, or 19.6x forward P/E. Is now the right time to buy?See for yourself in our full research report, it’s free. WHILE YOU’RE HERE: Top 9 Market-Beating Stocks.The best stocks don't just beat the market once. They do it again. And again. Robust revenue growth, rising free cash flow, returns on capital that leave their competition in the dust. The market has already rewarded these businesses. But our AI platform says the party isn't over. Find out which 9 stocks made the cut this week - FREE.Get Our Top 9 Market-Beating Stocks for Free HERE. Stocks that made our list in 2020 include now familiar names such as Nvidia (+1,326% between June 2020 and June 2025) as well as under-the-radar businesses like the once-small-cap company Comfort Systems (+782% five-year return).Find your next big winner with StockStory today.
