Title: 3 S&P 500 Stocks We Think Twice About
Date: 2026-05-21 19:24
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/3-p-500-stocks-think-192455962.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results The Trump administration plans to invest $2 billion in quantum computing, expanding its broader push into strategic industries The Dow clinched a record high as stocks rebounded on optimism for a US-Iran peace deal US stocks turned higher as oil prices fell on hopes of a US-Iran peace deal Quantum stocks jump as Trump administration doles out $2 billion in exchange for equity US stocks fell as oil prices rose amid doubts about US-Iran peace talks The bond market's signal to the Fed: Interest rates should be higher SpaceX files IPO prospectus, offering a rare look at the company's finances Nvidia beats earnings estimates, gives upbeat outlook on strong chip sales The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq rallied as oil fell and Nvidia earnings were on deck The ChatGPT maker is reportedly preparing to file for an IPO in the coming weeks, with plans to go public as early as September Oil plunges as Trump says US in 'final stages' of Iran deal After an unsteady start, stocks gained as oil prices fell and a bond sell-off paused S&P 500, Nasdaq rise in countdown to Nvidia results The chip giant is set to report results Wednesday as its stock climbs higher and rivals close in. Here's what to expect. The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq fell as bond yields surged amid rate hike concerns Google unveils biggest update to Search in 25 years, including AI agents Trump traded over $50 million in Big Tech stocks last quarter, selling Tesla and buying more Apple, new ethics disclosure shows US stocks slid at the open as bond yields rose and tech stocks extended their retreat AI is likely to concentrate power among corporate giants and leave everyone else further behind, Goldman Sachs says The S&P 500 and Nasdaq slipped as chip stocks fell and investors weighed inflation fears Elon Musk loses trial against OpenAI There are 3 issues that appear little changed after Trump's China summit US stocks rise as yields climb amid inflation worries America's CEOs call out where food prices are rising The housing market is starting to look K-shaped, too Anthropic's shadow IPO market is already flashing trillion-dollar prices Investors eye Nvidia, bond yields, and the next commodity supercycle Wall Street sees bubble-like euphoria in AI-fueled semiconductor rally Should you buy Series I bonds as inflation heats up again? Travel is still on, but rising costs reshape summer vacation plans Executives are blaming layoffs on AI, but research shows AI is 'not the main driver' of US labor slowdown. Intel announces a multiyear partnership deal with McLaren's F1 racing team Here are the most anticipated IPOs in 2026 History's weirdest bubbles have a message for the AI trade Kevin Warsh is set to take over leading the Fed amid one of the most dynamic economic backdrops in modern history Trump’s 'insane amount of trades' astonish Wall Street insiders (Bloomberg) SpaceX accelerates IPO timeline, targets market debut as early as June 12 (Reuters) The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq sank as US bond yields jumped to end a volatile week on a downbeat note The 30-year Treasury yield just broke to its highest level in almost 20 years Nasdaq leads dive in US stocks, with yields jumping amid inflation jitters Cerebras soared on its market debut. Here's how the company plans to take on Nvidia with a new approach to chip technology. Stocks gained, with the Dow closing above 50,000 and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq notching fresh records Cerebras stock surged 100% within minutes of trading in what is expected to be 2026's biggest IPO The Dow retook 50,000 and the S&P 500 topped 7,500 as the AI trade lifted stocks US stocks rise as Nvidia jumps, Trump-Xi summit kicks off Xi Jinping tells US CEOs that 'China's door will only open wider' Micron wiped out roughly $100 billion in market value at Tuesday’s low — and chip bulls still bought the dip Tech stocks led the S&P 500 and Nasdaq to record highs, while the Dow slipped The US Senate confirmed Kevin Warsh as the new chairman of the Federal Reserve with a final vote of 54-45 The 10-year Treasury yield hovered just below 4.5% after hot inflation data, raising concerns stocks could come under pressure While the S&P 500 (^GSPC) includes industry leaders, not every stock in the index is a winner. Some companies are past their prime, weighed down by poor execution, weak financials, or structural headwinds. Even among blue-chip stocks, not all investments are created equal - which is why we built StockStory to help you navigate the market. Keeping that in mind, here are three S&P 500 stocks to avoid and some better alternatives instead. What makes Halliburton's margins problematic for investors? How is Sysco's declining capital returns concerning? What financial weaknesses make Carnival stock risky? Why should investors avoid these three S&P stocks? Market Cap: $33.05 billion Boasting outrageous amenities like a planetarium on board its ships, Carnival (NYSE:CCL) is one of the world's largest leisure travel companies and a prominent player in the cruise industry. Why Is CCL Risky? Demand for its offerings was relatively low as its number of passenger cruise days has underwhelmed Poor free cash flow margin of 9.5% for the last two years limits its freedom to invest in growth initiatives, execute share buybacks, or pay dividends Below-average returns on capital indicate management struggled to find compelling investment opportunities Carnival is trading at $23.94 per share, or 11.5x forward P/E.If you’re considering CCL for your portfolio, see our FREE research report to learn more. Market Cap: $35.95 billion Powering more than 730,000 commercial kitchens across North America and Europe, Sysco (NYSE:SYY) is a global food distributor that supplies restaurants, healthcare facilities, schools, hotels, and other foodservice establishments with food products and related services. Why Are We Out on SYY? Products are seeing elevated demand as its unit sales averaged 1.1% growth over the past two years Free cash flow margin is projected to show no improvement next year Eroding returns on capital from an already low base indicate that management’s recent investments are destroying value Sysco’s stock price of $75.21 implies a valuation ratio of 15.4x forward P/E.Dive into our free research report to see why there are better opportunities than SYY. Market Cap: $35.91 billion Behind nearly every oil and gas well drilled worldwide, Halliburton (NYSE:HAL) provides drilling, completion, and production services that help oil and gas companies extract hydrocarbons from underground reservoirs. Why Are We Hesitant About HAL? Gross margin of 16.8% reflects its high production costs and unfavorable asset base At $42.89 per share, Halliburton trades at 17.9x forward P/E.To fully understand why you should be careful with HAL, check out our full research report (it’s free). ONE MORE THING: Top 6 Stocks for This Week.This market is separating quality stocks from expensive ones fast. AI taking down whole sectors with no warning. In a rotation this fast, you need more than a list of good companies. Our AI system flagged Palantir before it ran 1,662%. AppLovin before it ran 753%. Nvidia before it ran 1,178%. Each week it produces 6 new names that pass the same tests.Get Our Top 6 Stocks for Free HERE. Stocks that made our list in 2020 include now familiar names such as Nvidia (+1,326% between June 2020 and June 2025) as well as under-the-radar businesses like the once-micro-cap company Kadant (+351% five-year return).Find your next big winner with StockStory today. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
