Title: CoreWeave Keeps Soaring: What's Going On?
Date: 2026-04-14 19:45
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/coreweave-keeps-soaring-whats-going-194500751.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled
Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher
US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI
JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks'
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading
The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride.
Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started.
Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks
Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg)
Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week
Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be.
Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher
Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO
What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings
The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey.
Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026.
Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains.
Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire
US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October.
US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge
Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite
Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now
Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation.
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
Several stocks have been seeing increased interest lately, with CoreWeave CRWV nearly at the top of the list following a favorable multi-year deal with Anthropic and an extended agreement with Meta Platforms META. Shares have benefited significantly as a result, with the AI frenzy continuing to shape overall sentiment around the tech favorite’s outlook.
CRWV shares have been scorching hot so far in April, up more than 50% after facing adverse action over the better part of the last two months. As a reminder, CRWV is a high-performance cloud provider that gives companies easy access to thousands of world-class chips, enabling them to train complex models faster and cheaper without having to buy and manage the expensive hardware themselves.
A few days back, CoreWeave announced a multi-year agreement with Anthropic to support the development and deployment of its Claude family of AI models. The agreement has bullish implications for its overall top line growth for years to come, a primary driver behind the share surge over recent days. The company’s sales backlog totaled $66.8 billion at the end of its FY25, reflecting a record.
CoreWeave’s sales growth has remained impressive, as shown below.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
And prior to the Anthropic positivity, CRWV also announced an expanded, long-term agreement with Meta Platforms META to provide AI cloud capacity through 2032 for approximately $21 billion. With this deal, the two companies are continuing their existing relationship, increasing support for Meta Platforms' development and deployment of AI.
At the same time, the company’s near-term EPS outlook does remain highly pressured, though that’s a reflection of high capital expenditures aimed at building out the AI infrastructure to support the record backlog. It’s useful to see the current high CapEx as investments for the future, which weigh heavily on the near-term profitability picture.
Strong sales revisions for its current and next fiscal years do help underpin the growing backlog nicely.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Keep in mind that CoreWeave and fellow AI favorite NVIDIA NVDA are deeply intertwined through a strategic partnership and a significant ownership stake. The favorable relationship allows CRWV to get its hands on the magical NVIDIA chips before most, which is what CoreWeave’s AI infrastructure is built around. 
To little surprise, both sales and EPS revisions for NVIDIA concerning its current and next fiscal year continue to show a high level of bullishness, with the EPS picture shown below.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Bottom Line
Though CoreWeave CRWV shares showed some weak action over the cold months, the recent agreement with Anthropic and expanded deal with Meta Platforms META has helped thrust it into an extremely strong 2026 performer quickly, with shares now up more than 60% YTD.
It’s an interesting reflection of just how quickly sentiment can change within these AI-focused stocks concerning their outlooks, and it’s reasonable to expect more of these types of moves across the market throughout the year as everything continues to play out.
The EPS outlook for CRWV remains cloudy, reflecting the significant spending on AI infrastructure to support all the heavy computing needs.
Of course, NVIDIA NVDA still remains the go-to for many seeking AI exposure for its leading role in the AI frenzy, with its growth over recent years likely something we won’t see from a company its size for a long time.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Meta Platforms, Inc. (META) : Free Stock Analysis Report
CoreWeave Inc. (CRWV) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
