Title: Meta extends custom chips deal with Broadcom to power AI ambitions
Date: 2026-04-14 21:18
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/technology/articles/meta-extends-custom-chips-deal-with-broadcom-to-power-ai-ambitions-211850406.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled
Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher
US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI
JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks'
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading
The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride.
Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started.
Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks
Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg)
Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week
Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be.
Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher
Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO
What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings
The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey.
Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026.
Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains.
Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire
US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October.
US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge
Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite
Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now
Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation.
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
April 14 (Reuters) - Meta (META) will work with chip designer Broadcom (AVGO) to produce several generations of custom artificial intelligence processors under an expanded deal ‌as the social media giant races to build out the computing ‌capacity needed to power AI features across its apps.
Tuesday's announcement extends the tie-up until 2029 and ​includes an initial commitment of over one gigawatt of computing capacity, enough to power roughly 750,000 U.S. homes on average.
This price reflects trading activity during the overnight session on the Blue Ocean ATS, available 8 PM to 4 AM ET, Sunday through Thursday, when regular markets are closed.
As part of the deal, Broadcom CEO Hock Tan would leave Meta's board and move to an advisory role on its custom chip ‌strategy, the companies said ⁠in a joint statement.
As AI drives a surge in computing demand, big technology companies such as Meta, Google and Amazon are ⁠designing their own chips to reduce reliance on Nvidia's costly processors.
How does this partnership benefit Broadcom's AI business?
What are the details of Meta's expanded Broadcom deal?
What is Meta's custom chip development roadmap timeline?
Why are tech companies designing their own AI chips?
That custom chip boom has made Broadcom one of the biggest winners of generative AI. The company works ​with clients ​to develop custom processors and supplies infrastructure ​software.
Its shares were up 3.5% ‌in extended trading, while those of Meta were little changed.
The tie-up helps "build out the massive computing foundation we need to deliver personal superintelligence to billions of people," Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg said.
The company, which last month unveiled a roadmap of four new chips, said the initial capacity commitment with Broadcom was "the first phase ‌of a sustained, multi-gigawatt rollout."
Broadcom's Ethernet networking technology ​will also be used to connect Meta's rapidly ​growing clusters of AI computers.
The ​first chip from Meta Training and Inference Accelerator (MTIA) program, called ‌the MTIA 300, already powers Meta's ranking ​and recommendation systems, ​with three more due through 2027. The later generations are designed for inference, the process by which AI models respond to user queries.
Separately, Meta ​said on Tuesday Tracey Travis, ‌who has been on its board since 2020, would not stand ​for re-election at the company's annual shareholder meeting.
(Reporting by Juby Babu ​in Mexico City; Editing by Maju Samuel)
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
