Title: Microsoft (MSFT)_ Most Promising AI Stock to Invest In
Date: 2026-05-04 19:10
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/microsoft-msft-most-promising-ai-191037744.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) is one of the Most Promising AI Stocks to Invest In. On April 30, Bernstein analyst Mark Moerdler lifted the firm’s price objective on the company’s stock to $646 from $641 and kept an “Outperform” rating. As per Bernstein, though Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT)’s Q3 2026 was strong, with consensus being surpassed on major metrics, this wasn’t the definitive Azure acceleration quarter the firm expected.
Notably, Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) delivered results that surpassed expectations throughout revenue, operating income, and EPS. This reflects healthy execution and robust demand for Microsoft Cloud. Microsoft Cloud revenue came in at $54.5 billion, rising 29% (or 25% in constant currency). The commercial remaining performance obligation went up by 99% to $627 billion. For Q4 2026, Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) expects total company revenue to be between $86.7 billion – $87.8 billion. For CY 2026, the company expects that Azure revenue growth is expected to see modest acceleration in H2 compared to H1.
Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) is a global technology company that develops and sells a wide range of software, cloud services, devices, and business solutions, serving both individual users and enterprise customers worldwide.
While we acknowledge the potential of MSFT as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock.
READ NEXT: 10 Best FMCG Stocks to Invest In According to Analysts and 11 Best Long-Term Tech Stocks to Buy According to Analysts.
Disclosure: None. Follow Insider Monkey on Google News.
