Title: Should You Be Using Polymarket to Invest in Crypto?
Date: 2026-04-13 02:14
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/12/should-you-be-using-polymarket-to-invest-in-crypto/?.tsrc=rss

Content:
There's a lot more to due diligence than assuming that a prediction market probability will prove to be correct.
The popular betting market Polymarket now hosts more than 5,400 active crypto markets where participants wager on everything from whetherBitcoin(BTC1.06%)will close above $72,000 this week to whetherEthereum(ETH0.96%)will hit a new all-time high by year-end. And with investors everywhere looking for an edge in turbulent market conditions, it's quite tempting to treat its predictions as a cheat sheet for what coins will do next.
But prediction market odds aren't investment research, even if they could have a role. Let's dig into the insights these platforms can offer and the role they can play in your investment process.
Image source: Getty Images.
As you may have heard, a prediction market is a system that lets participants buy and sell contracts tied to a yes-or-no outcome of a real-world event.
If you think Bitcoin will surpass $75,000 by the end of the month, you buy a "yes" share at whatever price the market sets, and that price reflects the crowd's implied probability of the event occurring. The unstated assumption here is that the people trading on the prediction markets are, as a group, able to accurately weight those probabilities such that the underlying outcomes actually occur approximately as frequently as they're predicted to.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
But it's critical to appreciate that Polymarket's odds measure binary event resolution (did Bitcoin close above $X?) rather than the trajectory of an asset's price over the many years of a long-term investment. A coin's closing price on a given Friday reveals almost nothing about where it's heading over a five-year holding period, which is the time horizon you should probably be focused onif you intend to investin the crypto majors like Bitcoin, Ethereum,XRP,(XRP+0.15%)orSolana(SOL0.34%).
There's a data integrity issue, too. A recent Columbia University study found that nearly 25% of Polymarket's historical trading volume appeared to be the result of wash trading, where participants trade to artificially inflate activity. Therefore, any derived probability carries a serious asterisk, as a large portion of the volume used to create it might be fake.
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name.
Furthermore, prediction markets are also extremely susceptible to cognitive and behavioral biases. Participants tend to overvalue low-probability outcomes and undervalue near-certainties, and ill-advised bandwagons form quickly on social media.
Lastly, many Polymarket participants are short-term speculators. They probably aren't evaluating key factors like tokenomics or competitive dynamics.
It's thus not appropriate to rely heavily on prediction markets for your investment research. Nor is it, for the record, a good way todiversify your portfolio; while some professional investors or traders might be able to intelligently incorporate an allocation to prediction market contracts into a hedged strategy of some sort, it's far too complex an approach for most people to bother with.
So, at the very most, Polymarket data can serve as a minor data point in your broader investment research workflow. But even that may overstate its usefulness for assets like Bitcoin, where long-term value hinges on fundamentals that aren't reducible to a contract resolving tomorrow.
Before you buy stock inBitcoin, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andBitcoinwasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $555,526!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,156,403!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is968% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.
Alex Carchidihas positions in Bitcoin, Ethereum, and Solana. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Bitcoin, Ethereum, Solana, and XRP. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over55 Metas.
What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Top 10 Stocks to Buy Now&OurLimited-Time4-StockRule BreakersReport
*$199 for two years is a promotional price for new members only. 67% discount based on the current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/yr. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 13, 2026 at 11:59 pm PST.**Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.