Title: Amazon Is Building Robots, Satellites, and AI Chips. Is It the Only Stock You Need to Own?
Date: 2026-04-13 02:25
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/12/amazon-is-building-robots-satellites-and-ai-chips/?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Amazon is involved in diverse businesses, but does that mean investment diversity?
One can forgive some investors for perceivingAmazon(AMZN+2.02%)as an "everything stock." It pioneered the e-commerce and cloud computing industries, and its position in both industries prompted it to invest heavily in artificial intelligence (AI). This has included robots, satellites, and the AI chips themselves.
Despite this seeming dominance, Amazon is not an everything company. While it should continue to benefit investors in the long term, investors should not own theconsumer discretionary stockexclusively. Here's why.
Image source: Amazon.
First, the adage of not putting all your eggs in one basket remains critical in the case of every stock. Investors cite Enron, whose falsified financials led to its rise and fall. A more common possibility is that a company suffers simply because it fails to live up to investor expectations despite the company's best efforts.
In Amazon's case, both are highly unlikely scenarios. Nonetheless, the remote possibility of such occurrences makes it risky to have 100% of one's assets in Amazon stock.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Secondly, companies tend to succeed by excelling at one thing, or possibly a few things. However, being good ateverythingis not likely, even for Amazon, and with robots, satellites, and AI chips, it is at a competitive disadvantage.
SinceTeslahas long produced hardware (mostly automobiles), it could have an easier time adapting its AI to robotics. Likewise, even though Amazon is considering a$9 billion deal to acquire satellite communications companyGlobalstar, one of Elon Musk's other companies, SpaceX, has a head start on satellite technology.
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name.
Furthermore, even a legacy chipmaker likeAMDhas had to prioritize AI accelerators to challengeNvidia's dominance in that field. That reality does not bode well for Amazon.
Additionally, the nature of Amazon's financials provides no visibility into such endeavors. Due to Amazon's $2.5 trillion market cap, its financial reporting is high-level and typically vague.
For example, for its various businesses, investors only receive overall revenue numbers. That does not include any details on what it spends on research and development for robots, satellites, or AI chips.
Also, since those are not revenue sources, investors do not know how those contribute to Amazon's overall financials. That reality makes it extremely difficult to invest in Amazon except for its e-commerce and Amazon Web Services (AWS)-related businesses.
Investors should not buy Amazon stock because of robots, satellites, or AI chips.
While these technologies likely contribute to Amazon's growth, they serve as inputs, and Amazon does not reveal to investors their direct costs or benefits.
Moreover, competing companies specialize in such things, and their deeper focus on those technologies fosters competitive advantages. Thus, instead of buying Amazon, investors interested in robotics, satellite development, or AI chips should consider the market leaders in those industries.
Nvidia’s CEO just revealed that one breakthrough could create more millionaires in the next five years than the internet did in two decades.
Amazon’s Jeff Bezos says it is “hard to overstate the impact.” And Cathie Wood projects AI could be an $80 trillion opportunity by 2030. That is theequivalent of 18 Nvidias, 29 Microsofts, or 35 Amazons.
But here’s what most investors miss: almost all that growth runs through a single choke point. One little-known company, called an “Indispensable Monopoly,” provides the critical technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size. We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name.
Continue ›
Will Healyhas positions in Advanced Micro Devices. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Advanced Micro Devices, Amazon, Nvidia, and Tesla. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over55 Metas.
What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Top 10 Stocks to Buy Now&OurLimited-Time4-StockRule BreakersReport
*$199 for two years is a promotional price for new members only. 67% discount based on the current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/yr. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 13, 2026 at 11:59 pm PST.**Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.