Title: Want $1 Million in Retirement_ 3 Index Funds to Start Buying in April.
Date: 2026-04-24 18:07
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/24/want-1-million-retirement-3-index-funds-to-buy/?.tsrc=rss

A $1 million retirement portfolio isn't as elusive as it seems. Proper planning and these three ETFs will get you on your way today.
While $1 million doesn't buy what it used to, it's still considered the gold standard for wealth creation. And for most people, it's surprisingly achievable.
It just takes consistency and discipline. If you're willing to invest regularly on a monthly basis, stick with your plan in the face of market volatility, and avoid the desire to spend that money before you hit the retirement finish line, a million-dollar (or multimillion-dollar) portfolio could very much be in your future.
The right mix of investments also helps. Many people would start with a core fund, such as the Vanguard S&P 500 ETF or the Invesco QQQ ETF. Some would stop right there. Others may add in some ancillary satellite positions around one of those.
The key, I've always believed, is diversification. It's easy to pick the most recent winners. But building a portfolio of investments that work well together and can play off each other's strengths is the best path to long-term wealth creation.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends at 9 AM EST on 4/30/2026.
Whether you're new to retirement saving or already on the journey, these three ETFs can make you retirement-ready in the years ahead.
Image source: Getty Images.
I mentioned the Vanguard S&P 500 ETF earlier. I know a lot of people use that fund, and there's certainly nothing wrong with that choice.
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name. 
Personally, I prefer the Vanguard Total Stock Market ETF (VTI +0.54%). It includes the entire investable U.S. equity market, 3,500 stocks in all, and doesn't focus entirely on large caps. Quite simply, it does a better job of diversifying beyond just a handful of big megacap tech companies.
Granted, the Vanguard Total Stock Market ETF is market cap-weighted, so you still get significant exposure to the "Magnificent Seven" stocks. But roughly 25% of the portfolio is invested in mid- and small-cap names. As we've seen in 2026, that allocation can make a difference when the direction of the economy turns and investors think twice about paying premium valuations for tech stocks.
When investing for retirement, I want the whole U.S. stock market, not just a piece.
The Schwab U.S. Dividend Equity ETF (SCHD 0.83%) is perhaps the perfect complement to any core stock fund position. Its strategy targets companies with financially healthy balance sheets, long histories of paying dividends to shareholders, and high yields. Dividend income can be an important component of an investment's total return. This fund's 3.4% yield offers plenty of that.
Plus, its high-quality portfolio is ideal for long-term retirement investing. Its components have demonstrated an ability to weather different economic cycles, which can mitigate downside risk in challenging environments.
Investing in international stocks might not automatically come to mind when saving for retirement. But the last couple of years have demonstrated what it can do to enhance returns. In the same way that the Vanguard Total Stock Market ETF covers the U.S. market, the Vanguard Total International Stock ETF (VXUS +0.81%) invests in non-U.S. developed and emerging markets.
Adding international diversification is important because many of these economies look different from the United States. Financials, energy, manufacturing, and commodities are often bigger economic drivers and are influenced by different factors. Since they usually move in different cycles, they can offer significant risk-reducing diversification benefits. Plus, they often come with more attractive valuations.
Data sources: Vanguard, Schwab. 
If you were to build an equity portfolio out of just these three ETFs, it could probably give you almost everything you need: total U.S. markets, total international markets, and quality dividend equities to round it out.
Whether you choose to buy them individually or collectively, all three ETFs will get you well on your way to a $1 million net worth.
Before you buy stock in Schwab U.S. Dividend Equity ETF, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Schwab U.S. Dividend Equity ETF wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $500,572!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,223,900!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 967% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 199% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 24, 2026. 
David Dierking has positions in Vanguard Total International Stock ETF and Vanguard Total Stock Market ETF. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Vanguard S&P 500 ETF. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 18 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 18 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends at 9 AM EST on 4/30/2026.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
*Returns as of April 24, 2026.