Title: Better Buy: AMD vs. Nvidia Stock
Date: 2026-04-13 04:00
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/12/better-buy-amd-vs-nvidia-stock/?.tsrc=rss

Content:
AMD and Nvidia have some odd dynamics.
In the artificial intelligence (AI) computing world, there are few stocks more popular thanAMD(AMD+3.55%)andNvidia(NVDA+2.59%). These two are the primary compute providers for AI and are going head-to-head for GPU supremacy.
In the early innings of the AI arms race, Nvidia stormed out to an enormous lead, but AMD has also been a solid performer. Since 2023, Nvidia's stock is up 1,120%, while AMD's is up a respectable 242%.
NVDAdata byYCharts
However, AMD has been the much better stock to own over the past year, rising 165% versus Nvidia's 82%. But which one is the better buy now?
Image source: The Motley Fool.
Although the two companies are competing against each other for computing share in data centers, the companies are fundamentally different. Nvidia is built completely around its GPU ecosystem, which has allowed it to push the limits of what's possible with traditional computing. While Nvidia has other products, the sole purpose of these products is to elevate the GPU ecosystem.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
AMD has a much wider product lineup. While it hasGPUs(graphsics processing units) for data centers and gaming, as Nvidia does, it also has a largeCPU(central processing unit) component and is more heavily involved in consumer products than Nvidia. Additionally, AMD owns Xilinx, which is an embedded-processor business that makes industry-specific chips.
While AMD's concentrationcanbe a good thing if the AI market falls apart, right now, it's holding it back.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all,Stock Advisor’stotal average return is968%*— a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy right now,available when you joinStock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.
During Nvidia's most recent quarter, it generated $68.2 billion in revenue, up 73% year over year. Its data center division, which encompasses its AI-focused business, generated $62.3 billion in revenue, up 75% year over year. Companywide, in its most recent quarter, AMD generated $10.3 billion in revenue, up 34% year over year. Its data center division produced $5.4 billion in revenue, up 39% year over year.
Clearly, Nvidia's business is seeing a lot more success, and its data center division is over 10 times the size of AMD's.
AMD pundits will say that its lack of data center business makes it more stable in case the AI market tanks, but AMD is looking to change the makeup of its business as well.
At the end of 2025,AMD's management laid out a five-year growth trajectorythat targets a 35% compounded annual growth rate (CAGR) for revenue over the next five years, which would be a successful investment by most investors' standards.
However, they expect AMD's embedded and client and gaming divisions to grow at a 10% CAGR, while their data center division increases at a 60% CAGR. If this projection pans out, AMD will look a lot like Nvidia at the end of it, which eliminates this potential advantage of investing in AMD's stock.
There's also another drawback for AMD as well.
Despite being more successful and growing at a faster pace, Nvidia's stock is far cheaper than AMD's. Due to each company's strong growth rate, the best way to value these stocks is by utilizing the forward price-to-earnings ratio, which uses estimated earnings. From this standpoint, you have to pay over a 50% premium to own AMD shares versus Nvidia's.
NVDA PE Ratio (Forward)data byYCharts
That's completely backward from what logic says it should be, which is why I think Nvidia is the far better buy here.
It's not often you get tobuy the industry leaderthat's growing at double the pace of the competition at a discount, but that's exactly what the market is presenting to investors. This mismatch may not stay active for long, and investors might want to hop on the opportunity while it's still available. AMD isn't a bad investment,but it's just not quite as good as Nvidia.
Before you buy stock inNvidia, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andNvidiawasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $555,526!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,156,403!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is968% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.
Keithen Druryhas positions in Nvidia. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Advanced Micro Devices and Nvidia. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over35 Amazons.
What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Top 10 Stocks to Buy Now&OurLimited-Time4-StockRule BreakersReport
*$199 for two years is a promotional price for new members only. 67% discount based on the current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/yr. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 13, 2026 at 11:59 pm PST.**Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.