Title: Think Nvidia's Stock Has Peaked? The Latest Semiconductor Forecast Might Have You Thinking Twice
Date: 2026-04-13 18:50
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/13/think-nvidias-stock-has-peaked-the-latest-semicond/?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Analysts at Bank of America recently boosted their guidance for the chip market this year.
Shares ofNvidia(NVDA+0.29%)are flat this year, as investors grapple with just how much more upside the tech giant has. It's already the most valuable company in the world, with a market cap of approximately $4.6 trillion. It is also down more than 10% from its 52-week high, and there's no sign of a rally coming soon.
Many investors have moved on to other stocks, fearing that perhaps Nvidia may have reached a peak. But, according to a recent forecast, there could be plenty of growth still ahead in the semiconductor industry, and if that's the case, thetech companymay still have a lot more room to rise higher in both the short and long term.
Image source: Getty Images.
According to analysts atBank of America, the global semiconductor market is bigger than previously estimated. The bank has recently upgraded its guidance for the market, now projecting that it'll be worth $1.3 trillion this year, which is $300 billion more than what it was forecasting four months earlier. And it's expected to grow to be worth $2 trillion by the end of the decade.
There is tremendous growth ahead as companies continue to invest heavily in AI to revamp processes and add efficiencies to their day-to-day operations. For a leading AI chipmaker such as Nvidia, which is well-positioned for the future, this suggests that there's still plenty of growth out there for it to tap into. And this is a company that in its most recent quarter, which ended on Jan. 25, grew its sales by a mammoth 73%. Given the persistently high spending on AI, Nvidia's growth rate may remain impressive for the foreseeable future.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Although shares of Nvidia have risen by 1,100% over the past five years, the company's earnings have also risen dramatically, which is why the stock isn't expensive despite its strong gains. The stock trades at 23 times its estimated future earnings, which is only slightly higher than theS&P 500average of 21; more of a premium may be warranted given its dominance.
While there is some apprehension in the market these days amid heightened stock valuations, Nvidia is a leader in the chip space, and with the company generating fantastic margins and there being still great growth opportunities ahead, it remains one of the safestAI stocksto own for the long haul.
Before you buy stock inNvidia, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andNvidiawasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $555,526!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,156,403!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is968% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.
Bank of America is an advertising partner of Motley Fool Money.David Jagielski, CPAhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Nvidia. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over55 Metas.
What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Top 10 Stocks to Buy Now&OurLimited-Time4-StockRule BreakersReport
*$199 for two years is a promotional price for new members only. 67% discount based on the current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/yr. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 13, 2026 at 11:59 pm PST.**Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.