Title: Why Markets Are Shrugging Off Trump's Hormuz Blockade
Date: 2026-04-13 19:04
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/13/why-markets-are-shurgging-off-trumps-hormuz-blocka/?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Are investors looking past the war?
Over the weekend, negotiations between the U.S. and Iran to end the war in Iran failed, and in response, President Trump announced a blockade of the Strait of Hormuz. The move is designed to prevent Iran from exporting its oil and strong-arm the country into accepting U.S. terms to end the war.
In response to the blockade and the failed negotiations, stock futures were trending lower Sunday night and Monday morning, though by this afternoon, all three major indexes were up, a sign investors were content to look past the latest setback in the war.
Oil prices, meanwhile, were up on Monday, but those gains faded during the session.
Image source: Getty Images.
For weeks, investors have closely followed events in Iran with markets swinging on nearly every major shift in the war or commentary from President Trump, including the surge in stocks last week after Trump's announcement of a two-week ceasefire.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
The ceasefire was supposed to come with a reopening of the Strait of Hormuz, though that hasn't really happened. However, with the fighting having paused at least, investors may now believe that the worst-case scenario, a sustained conflict that leads to a global energy crisis, is off the table.
The reality is that the war might not end with the decisive peace agreement that Trump wants and may instead remain something of a stalemate, though resolving the bottleneck around the Strait of Hormuz will be crucial for investors.
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name.
As investors redirect their attention from the war in Iran, they are looking for opportunities, and one of them appears to be insoftware stocks.
TheiShares Expanded Tech-Software Sector ETF(IGV+5.32%)was up more than 5% in afternoon trading, reflecting a risk-on appetite from investors. There wasn't any clear news pushing the software sector higher, though a post from Goldman Sachs arguing that tech stocks were oversold last Friday may have helped spark the recovery in the sector.
As far as the Iran conflict goes, it's too soon to say the worst is behind investors, but they seem to be preparing for that possibility and taking advantage ofoversold stocks.
Investors should keep an eye on news from Iran and movements in oil prices, but don't be surprised if markets start to decouple from events in Iran as other narratives emerge.
Before you buy stock iniShares Trust - iShares Expanded Tech-Software Sector ETF, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andiShares Trust - iShares Expanded Tech-Software Sector ETFwasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $555,526!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,156,403!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is968% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.
Jeremy Bowmanhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Goldman Sachs Group. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over55 Metas.
What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Top 10 Stocks to Buy Now&OurLimited-Time4-StockRule BreakersReport
*$199 for two years is a promotional price for new members only. 67% discount based on the current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/yr. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 13, 2026 at 11:59 pm PST.**Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.