Title: Oklo Inc. Reports Soon. Here's Why I'd Buy Before the Number Drops.
Date: 2026-04-12 23:25
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/12/oklo-inc-reports-soon-heres-why-id-buy-before-the/?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Soon, several major growth catalysts could arrive for Oklo.
Oklo Inc.(OKLO+5.19%)shares are now on sale. Since 2026, shares have fallen in value by nearly 40%. The company's market cap is now under $9 billion, even though thenuclear companyis chasing a $10 trillion global opportunity.
Analysts expect the company to report its next quarterly earnings announcement early next month. That earnings announcement could come with several positive surprises. There are two reasons in particular to buybeforethe numbers drop.
According toBank of Americaanalysts, we're now entering a $10 trillion nuclear renaissance. "[N]uclear energy has, in many ways, been recently 'rediscovered' amid surging electricity demand," a report from the bank recently concluded. "Compared with other energy sources, it offers reliable baseload power, a smaller carbon footprint, and a higher energy return on investment."
Surging electricity demand has largely stemmed from one source: the rising energy needs ofdata centersthat serve the AI industry. Over the next few years, trillions of dollars will be spent to expand AI data center infrastructure globally.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Oklo's specific approach tonuclear energy, which consists of small modular reactors (SMRs), will only command a slice of this $10 trillion opportunity. But after a sharp correction, Oklo's market cap is now under $9 billion. The upside potential of even a few new deals, or even additional traction on its existing deal flow, could have an outsize impact on the market's confidence that the company will play a valuable role in thisenergy revolution.
Image source: Getty Images.
Even if there isn't a major announcement revealed during next quarter's earnings call, Oklo is still a promising long-term buy. That's because the company's growth tailwinds -- namely, rising demand from the AI data center market -- aren't going away anytime soon.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all,Stock Advisor’stotal average return is968%*— a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy right now,available when you joinStock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.
"Capital is pouring into data center development, but ... incumbents can't meet demand for power," observes a recent report from McKinsey & Co. As long as the requisite power can be sourced, McKinsey & Co. analysts believe $7 trillion will be spent on building new data center capacity over the next four years. This breakneck speed of construction may extend through 2040, or even 2050, with compounding energy demand challenges.
I'm increasingly confident that Oklo will play a major role in the global scaling of SMR technology. It has already signed deals with major technology companies as well as data center operators. And Sam Altman, the founder of OpenAI and ChatGPT, was the Chairman of Oklo for many years -- a strong indication that AI companies believe in SMR technology long term.
Following a sharp correction, Oklo's market cap is now below $9 billion. It may be a bumpy long-term ride, but this is clearly a high-risk, high-reward opportunity for aggressive growth investors.
Before you buy stock inOklo, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andOklowasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $555,526!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,156,403!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is968% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.
Bank of America is an advertising partner of Motley Fool Money.Ryan Vanzohas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over18 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 18 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Top 10 Stocks to Buy Now&OurLimited-Time4-StockRule BreakersReport
*$199 for two years is a promotional price for new members only. 67% discount based on the current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/yr. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 13, 2026 at 11:59 pm PST.**Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.