Title: The Only Artificial Intelligence (AI) Stock in the "Magnificent Seven" That's Worth Buying After the Correction
Date: 2026-04-12 23:28
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/12/the-only-artificial-intelligence-ai-stock-in-the-m/?.tsrc=rss

Content:
One is the clear AI leader.
With the recent pullback in artificial intelligence (AI) stocks, it's beginning to look as if the hype behind the technology is beginning to fade.
That's bad news for smaller start-ups in the space that are still reliant on large amounts of investor dollars. However, it's great news for investors and for the larger companies involved inAI.
Investors benefit when AI stocks fall to a more reasonable level. And for larger companies, likeAlphabet(GOOG0.20%)(GOOGL0.39%), anything that pushes smaller competitors out can be a good thing.
Alphabet is a giant and it's stock has fallen over the past month. I think it's the only AI stock in the"Magnificent Seven"that's worth buying right now.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Image source: Getty Images.
Alphabet is the parent company of Google after all, and I'm willing to bet you've interacted with that website recently.
It's also been far and away the most successful of the Magnificent Seven in developing its own AI technology. Google Gemini has been steadily absorbing market share in the enterprise large language model (LLM) market since 2023.
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name.
Back in 2023, OpenAI, the company behind ChatGPT, had a 50% share in that market. Today, its share has fallen to an estimated 27%, while Google's share has risen from 7% to 21% over the same time frame. And Google is set to overtake ChatGPT this year if last year's trend continues.
Meanwhile, Alphabet's Magnificent Seven peerMeta Platformshas seen its share of the enterprise LLM market fall from 16% in 2023 to 8% by the end of 2025. What's more, the current market leader in the enterprise LLM space, Anthropic, has an estimated 40% market share, and it will be expanding its use of Alphabet's hardware moving forward.
I'll also note that another Magnificent Seven peer,Apple, partnered with Alphabet earlier this year to use Google Gemini's model to develop its own AI products.
So, Alphabet is already beating one of its peers in AI software and has another one of the Magnificent Seven reliant on its software for its own AI. Now, on to how it's dealing with the others.
Alphabet's Tensor Processing Unit (TPU), co-developed withBroadcom,represents a serious competitor to Magnificent Seven peerNvidia'sgraphics processing unit(GPU).
Note that all the other Magnificent Seven stocks useNvidia hardwareto run their AI to some degree, includingAmazonandMicrosoft, which both use Nvidia GPUs extensively.
While they are stuck buying all their hardware from Nvidia, Alphabet is shifting toward using its own, and some other AI companies have begun using the TPU as well. Anthropic is planning to spend tens of billions of dollars this year to add 1 gigawatt of TPU chips to its computational capacity.
So, with the exception ofTeslaandNetflix, Alphabet either has a competitor to each Magnificent Seven company's AI product (be it hardware or software), or the company is using Google AI for its own products, like Apple does.
Google has basically set itself up as the kingpin of the AI industry. And unlike AI start-ups like Anthropic or OpenAI, it has plenty of other revenue streams aside from AI, and it's been a long time since Alphabet has been entirely dependent on investor dollars, so a drop in its stock price doesn't hurt the company.
For 2025, Alphabet saw its revenue climb 15% over 2024 to exceed $400 billion for the first time. The company also saw its diluted earnings per share (EPS) shoot up 34% over the same time frame. Alphabet also runs a net profit margin of 32.8%, and it has a very healthy debt-to-equity ratio of 0.14.
That all makesAlphabetthe standout stock among the Magnificent Seven as far as AI goes.
Before you buy stock inAlphabet, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andAlphabetwasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $555,526!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,156,403!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is968% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.
James Hireshas positions in Alphabet. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Alphabet, Amazon, Apple, Meta Platforms, Microsoft, Netflix, Nvidia, and Tesla and is short shares of Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Broadcom. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over18 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 18 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Top 10 Stocks to Buy Now&OurLimited-Time4-StockRule BreakersReport
*$199 for two years is a promotional price for new members only. 67% discount based on the current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/yr. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 13, 2026 at 11:59 pm PST.**Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.