Title: CF Industries' Shares Fell Nearly 10%. Is the Stock a Buy Now?
Date: 2026-04-13 00:25
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/12/cf-industries-shares-fell-nearly-10-is-the-stock-a/?.tsrc=rss

Content:
CF Industries' shares fell nearly 10% before rebounding earlier this week. Is now a good time to buy the stock?
Now that shares ofCF Industries(CF+1.63%)have been trimmed, it may be a good time to buy the stock and see if the grass is still greener on the other side of the U.S.-Iran conflict for the U.S.-based fertilizer maker.
The stock was briefly down more than 10% on April 8, eventually settling into a more than 5% drop by the end of the day, largely driven by a sharp decline in oil and nitrogen prices following news of a ceasefire between the U.S. and Iran. The ceasefire, ideally, is expected to normalize shipping through the Strait of Hormuz and restore global supply flows.
CF's shares are still up more than 63% so far this year as of this writing, thanks largely to rising costs for its competitors, who are facing highernatural gasprices overseas. That means that CF, which has easy access to lower-priced natural gas in the U.S., has a steady energy supply and enjoys higher margins.
Here are three reasons why I think thematerialsstock's recent dip is a buy opportunity for investors:
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Image source: Getty Images.
CF Industries produces agricultural fertilizers, including ammonia, urea, and ammonium nitrate. It also makes hydrogen and nitrogen products for clean energy and emissions abatement. It closed out 2025 on a strong note, reporting full-year revenue of $7.08 billion, up 19%, andearnings per share(EPS) of $8.97, a rise of 32.6% over 2024. It also enjoyed a gross margin of 38.5%, an improvement of 390 basis points from 2024.
The company rewarded shareholders by repurchasing $1.34 billion in stock in 2025. It has also paid a quarterly dividend for 21 consecutive years, and at its current share price, the yield is around 1.59%. It has increased the dividend by more than 66% over the past five years.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all,Stock Advisor’stotal average return is968%*— a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy right now,available when you joinStock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.
It's important to realize that all that good financial news occurred before the current conflict in Iran.
Farmers generally order fertilizer for the spring planting season, and CF likely gained market share when its Middle East competitors were blocked from leaving the Persian Gulf. While many farmers prepay, U.S. Agriculture Secretary Brooke Rollins said in late March that approximately 25% of farmers had not yet secured their full fertilizer needs, requiring them to buy from domestic producers at a significant premium. There is plenty of concern that Iran will continue to use the Strait as a bargaining chip, possibly even charging ships tolls.
That, in turn, could continue to both restrain the amount of fertilizer shipped from the Middle East and make it more expensive for fertilizer companies in those countries to sell and deliver their products.
CF is rapidly pivoting into higher-margin sectors such as shipping, steel, and power generation, thanks to its green energy initiatives.Ammonia is increasingly viewed as the primary carrier for hydrogen fuel because it is easier to transport and store.
The company operates the only commercial-scale green ammonia plant in North America and has a partnership deal withExxonMobilfor carbon capture projects. The agreement will allow CF to produce up to 1.9 million metric tons oflow-carbon ammonia annually. CF Industries also expects to qualify for tax credits for the stored carbon dioxide.
The company's Blue Point low-carbon ammonia joint venture in Ascension Parish, Louisiana, recently broke ground and is expected to be the world's largest low-carbon ammonia production facility by potential capacity. CF is a 40% owner of the project, with the Japanese power company JERA and the Japanese conglomerateMitsuiowning the other stakes.
In the short term, the prevailing view among many is that the company's pricing advantages will revert to what they were before the current hostilities in the Middle East, and that thought is reflected in the stock's slide.
Even if everything returns to how it was before the Strait of Hormuz was closed, which appears unlikely, the effect of the current supply disruptions will likely have a lasting impact as farmers look to steadier sources for their fertilizer needs.
Before you buy stock inCF Industries, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andCF Industrieswasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $555,526!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,156,403!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is968% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.
James Halleyhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over55 Metas.
What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Top 10 Stocks to Buy Now&OurLimited-Time4-StockRule BreakersReport
*$199 for two years is a promotional price for new members only. 67% discount based on the current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/yr. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 13, 2026 at 11:59 pm PST.**Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.