Title: Palantir's Growth Has Been Impressive, Its Rule of 40 Score Is Incredible, but This Number Is Just Downright Pitiful
Date: 2026-04-13 17:50
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/13/palantirs-growth-has-been-impressive-its-rule-of-4/?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Despite the CEO's praise, not all of Palantir's financials look amazing.
Investors should be careful when analyzing a stock, looking beyond what management wants to focus on. Growth is important, but so too are strong earnings numbers. However, it's the excitement around top-line growth that can sometimes send a stock skyrocketing to egregious levels.
Palantir Technologies(PLTR+3.40%)is an excellent example of that. The business is growing rapidly, and CEO Alex Karp wastes no opportunity to remind investors of the company's performance and the success of its artificial intelligence (AI) platform, which remains in high demand. But while many of its metrics look incredible, there's one very important one that falls short.
Image source: Getty Images.
Palantir is growing at an incredibly fast rate, with revenue up 70% in the company's most recent quarter (which covered the last three months of 2025). On $1.4 billion in revenue, its earnings were also fairly strong, coming in at $609 million, for a 43% profit margin. Its CEO also touts its Rule of 40 score, which combines the company's growth rate and adjusted margin. At 127%, he believes Palantir is in a league of its own.
One number that isn't so great, however, is its earnings per share (EPS). Its diluted EPS for the past year was just $0.63. This makes the stock, which trades at around $130 today, look incredibly expensive, as it means that Palantir trades at more than 200 times its trailing earnings.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
The company relies heavily on stock-based compensation, and its share count has been rising in recent years. The higher the share count in relation to earnings, the lower the EPS figure. If the company were to buy back shares at a meaningful rate, that would improve the metric, bring down theearnings multiple, and effectively make the stock a better buy for investors.
This year has been a tough one for high-pricedtech stocks, and Palantir is no exception. The stock is down 25% and is about 36% away from its 52-week high of $207.52. Investors can choose to ignore valuations, but a correction may be inevitable when buying such a highly valued stock. Even at its current valuation, the stock still looks incredibly expensive given its EPS, which is why I wouldn't be surprised to see Palantir's stock fall even further as the year goes on.
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name.
Even if you think the business is amazing, that doesn't mean that its stock is a buy at any price. Paying a high premium for a stock may not be much of a worry when the market is hot, but amid a downturn, it can lead to significant losses.
Before you buy stock inPalantir Technologies, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andPalantir Technologieswasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $555,526!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,156,403!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is968% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.
David Jagielski, CPAhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Palantir Technologies. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over55 Metas.
What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Top 10 Stocks to Buy Now&OurLimited-Time4-StockRule BreakersReport
*$199 for two years is a promotional price for new members only. 67% discount based on the current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/yr. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 13, 2026 at 11:59 pm PST.**Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.