Title: 2 Chip Stocks That Have Gone Parabolic This Month. Should Investors Buy These High Flyers_
Date: 2026-04-24 18:07
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/24/2-chip-stocks-that-have-gone-parabolic-this-month/?.tsrc=rss

These two surprising semiconductor stocks have surged in April as the AI chip boom continues to broaden.
Some surprising chip stocks shone in April, helping significantly broaden the artificial intelligence (AI) boom.
Shares of analog chipmaker Texas Instruments (TXN 1.52%) and chip manufacturing giant Intel (INTC +21.26%) have surged in April, and both stories are worth calling out. Since the beginning of the month, Texas Instruments is up about 40%, while Intel has gained more than 70%, as of this writing.
That's a huge move in a short amount of time -- especially for two mature semiconductor companies.
What's particularly exciting about these stocks' sharp gains in April is that they were driven by fundamentals. Both companies recently reported results that were much better than investors had expected -- and their results demonstrated how the AI boom is expanding beyond graphics processing units (GPUs). Even more, both management teams gave investors reasons to believe that the chip recovery may have more legs.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends at 9 AM EST on 4/30/2026.
Image source: Getty Images.
Texas Instruments' first-quarter results were strong by just about any measure.
Revenue increased 19% year over year to more than $4.8 billion, while earnings per share rose 31% to $1.68. This was a significant acceleration from the fourth quarter of 2025, when revenue increased 10% year over year and earnings per share slipped 2%.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 967%* — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 199% for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now, available when you join Stock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 24, 2026. 
The improvement was broad, too.
Texas Instruments said its analog revenue rose 22% year over year and its embedded processing revenue increased 12%. Serving as a key driver, the company notably saw its industrial revenue increase more than 30% year over year. And perhaps the most exciting data point from the quarterly update earlier this week? Data center revenue rose about 90%. 
Further, management's outlook was better than expected. For the second quarter, management guided revenue of $5.0 billion to $5.4 billion and earnings per share of $1.77 to $2.05, ranges that imply a significant sequential step-up.
With all of this said, investors should be careful not to extrapolate one great quarter too far. During Texas Instruments' first-quarter earnings call, CEO Haviv Ilan acknowledged a key risk: "the unknown for me right now is the sustainability of demand."
Sure, Texas Instruments is seeing strength across industrial, data center, and other end markets. But analog cycles can be cyclical and "lumpy," with customers sometimes overcorrecting from going too lean or too heavy on inventory for too long.
Last year, management saw what looked like a recovery early in the year, only for momentum to cool later. 
The good news is that Texas Instruments looks well-positioned if the recovery persists. It has capacity, inventory, and a broad product portfolio.
But the stock now trades at a price-to-earnings ratio of about 47 as of this writing. That's a rich price for a cyclical chip company -- even a high-quality one.
Intel's results were arguably even more surprising.
The company reported first-quarter revenue of $13.6 billion, up 7% year over year. That may not sound extraordinary on its own, but it was well above the company's prior guidance for $11.7 billion to $12.7 billion. Even more, Intel reported non-GAAP (adjusted) earnings per share of $0.29, compared to its prior forecast for adjusted earnings per share of about breakeven.
And the strongest part of the report was Intel's data center and AI business, where revenue increased 22% year over year to $5.1 billion.
Intel CEO Lip-Bu Tan said during the company's first-quarter earnings call that "demand continues to run ahead of supply for all our businesses, especially for Xeon server CPUs where we expect sustained momentum this year and next." 
And this brings us to the most surprising takeaway from the report: Investors have spent years focused on graphics processing units (GPUs), but it turns out that as AI's applications expand, there's an increasing need central processing units (CPUs), too -- Intel's bread and butter.
But Intel isn't out of the woods yet. Management guided for adjusted earnings per share to decline to $0.20 in Q2 despite a forecast for higher revenue.
Further, the stock's valuation is now extremely high. Intel shares now trade at a forward price-to-earnings ratio of more than 100.
Both Texas Instruments and Intel just gave investors excellent reports. Texas Instruments showed a broad analog recovery with strong data center momentum. And Intel showed that it has successfully turned its business around and that the AI boom is broadening to CPUs.
But stocks are about price, not just business momentum.
And after the April rallies, neither stock looks cheap. Texas Instruments is priced as if the analog recovery will certainly continue with limited interruption. Meanwhile, Intel is priced as if its turnaround is in the bag, even though profitability remains a work in progress. Finally, neither stock leaves much room for a scenario in which the AI boom suddenly slows dramatically and goes through a consolidation period.
With that said, I wouldn't necessarily bet against either business from here. But I also wouldn't chase either stock after this kind of move. For now, both companies look much more interesting as businesses than as stocks.
Before you buy stock in Intel, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Intel wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $500,572!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,223,900!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 967% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 199% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 24, 2026. 
Daniel Sparks and his clients have no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Intel and Texas Instruments. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 55 Metas.
What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends at 9 AM EST on 4/30/2026.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
*Returns as of April 24, 2026.