Title: 3 Dividend-Paying AI Stocks for 2026
Date: 2026-04-13 18:50
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/13/3-dividend-paying-ai-stocks-for-2026/?.tsrc=rss

Content:
The industry isn't exactly known for generating regular investment income, but that doesn't mean it can't.
Most investors considering artificial intelligence (AI) stocks are looking for growth rather than income. Nevertheless, people looking for a new AI holding are coming across a surprising number of solid dividend payers. Here's a closer look at three of these names that can handle this double duty quite nicely.
Yes,Qualcomm(QCOM+2.48%)is in the artificial intelligence business. While it's not nearly the AI hardware powerhouse thatNvidiaorBroadcomare, Qualcomm's newest Snapdragon mobile processors are purpose-built to make smartphones and laptops stand-alone, AI-capable devices. Interest has been tepid. A survey performed by CNET in the middle of last year indicates only 11% of smartphone owners living in the United States are upgrading their devices to gain access to new AI features, down from 2024's figure of 18%.
Give it time, though, just as you should give time to Qualcomm's move into the data center processor space with Snapdragon's power-efficient architecture. Itwon't easily push its way onto Nvidia's turf, but the industry is always looking for ways to lower its costs.
And this is no minor initiative. Continued penetration of the nascent mobile AI processor market, along with its move into theAI data center business, puts Qualcomm into an AI processor industry that Precedence Research expects to grow an average of more than 26% per year through 2034.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
This tailwind should extend Qualcomm's near streak of 23 consecutive years of dividend growth. (Although it didn't stop paying it then, the company didn't raise its dividend payment in 2019.) Newcomers will be plugging into a trailing dividend yield of 2.9%.
It's been a miserable past few months forOracle(ORCL+12.74%)shareholders. The stock's now down more than 50% from its September peak.
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name.
Some of that sell-off is the response to the company's plan to spend $50 billion on capital expenditures this year, versus expected revenue of $67 billion. Much of this weakness, however, just reflects the malaise that mostartificial intelligence stockshave suffered of late, now that once-euphoric investors are starting to question the actual marketable value of AI solutions.
There's an ultimate upside to this pullback, though. That is, it's pumped Oracle stock's forward-looking dividend yield up to 1.4%. That's not huge. It's significant by technology stock standards though, and even more significant given that the company's quarterly per-share dividend payment has grown more than 130% over the course of the past 10 years.
Given the company's expectation that its annual top line will grow from $67 billion this fiscal yearto $225 billion by fiscal 2030-- with most of that growth being driven by its AI cloud infrastructure business -- the stock's previous red-hot dividend growth streak should remain similarly hot for the foreseeable future.
Image source: Getty Images.
Yes, Oracle is spending a fortune on infrastructure this year, with no guarantee it will achieve an adequate return on its investment -- particularly if the appeal of AI continues to lose its luster; it's not the panacea it was once believed to be.
Have some faith in the industry's designers and developers, though. Over time, they'll figure out how to best utilize its potential, and get more meaningful performance out of its underlying platforms.
Last but not least, addBlack Hills(BKH2.50%)to your list ofdividend stocksthat have moved into the spotlight specifically because of the advent of artificial intelligence. It's autility name, likeConstellation EnergyandVistra, both of which have taken center stage because they're positioned to meet the rapidly growing electricity demand of AI data centers.
Black Hills is different in one key respect, though. That is, this stock hasn't soared -- at least not yet – in anticipation of uncharacteristically strong growth due to the rapid proliferation of data centers. This ultimately means its yield is still surprisingly high, currently near 4% on a forward-looking basis.
What gives? Much of this lack of investor interest can be chalked up to a sheer lack of awareness. With a market value of only a little over $5 billion, this small-cap name just doesn't get much attention.
Don't be deterred by its small size, though. This company's got what it needs to be a reliable dividend stock for a somewhat unusual reason: its location. Its strong regional presence in Wyoming, Colorado, Nebraska, and a handful of surrounding states means it's ideally positioned geographically speaking.
The area has access to plenty of fiber-optic connectivity, energy sources, and relatively cool ambient air that makes the massive amount of heat artificial intelligence data centers produce not quite so much of a problem. That's why so many data center owners and operators are now choosing to establish sites served by Black Hills. This should certainly help the company extend its56-year streak of uninterrupted annual dividend increases.
Just a heads-up here -- Black Hills and rival utility nameNorthWestern Energyare going to be merging soon. This won't change the investment thesis, except perhaps to improve it by creating more scale, which tends to improve fiscal efficiency.
Before you buy stock inBlack Hills, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andBlack Hillswasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $555,526!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,156,403!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is968% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.
James Brumleyhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Constellation Energy, Nvidia, Oracle, and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over18 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 18 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Top 10 Stocks to Buy Now&OurLimited-Time4-StockRule BreakersReport
*$199 for two years is a promotional price for new members only. 67% discount based on the current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/yr. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 13, 2026 at 11:59 pm PST.**Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.