Title: Trump Says Palantir Has "Great Warfighting Capabilities," but Michael Burry Thinks It's Overvalued by More Than Half in 2026
Date: 2026-04-13 19:35
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/13/trump-says-palantir-has-great-warfighting-capabili/?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Palantir is down more than 35% from its high, and Michael Burry is betting the stock will fall further.
President Donald Trump published a post to Truth Social last Friday, stating thatPalantir(PLTR+3.28%)is a company that delivers "great warfighting capabilities." The comments came on the heels of a big sell-off for the stock following some recent comments from "Big Short" investor Michael Burry.
Burry has taken a highly visible bearish stance on Palantir stock and has been making headlines this month with statements painting a challenging picture for the artificial intelligence (AI) software leader. In particular, the famous investor thinks that AI rival Anthropic is "eating Palantir's lunch."
Image source: Getty Images.
Last week, Burry confirmed that continues to hold bets against Palantir stock. Specifically, he said that he owns put options expiring Dec. 19 at a $100 price point. He also said that he owns $150 strike-price puts expiring June 17, 2027. The price target for the
December 2026 puts implies downside of 24%. Meanwhile, his June 2027 strike-price put target implies downside of 62%. In his comment detailing the positions, Burry said "I am not selling these today." While the statement potentially leaves the door open for Burry to sell out of his put options before expiration, his strong bearish stance has attracted a lot of attention.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Big sell-offs for Palantir stock may have been a driving factor in President Trump deciding to weigh in with positive commentary on the company last week. Palantir is leading provider of AI software and analytics services for the U.S. military, and the company has made services for the defense industry a key part of its long-term growth strategy.
Palantir stock is seeing positive momentum in Monday's trading. The company's share price had risen 3% in the daily session as of 3:15 p.m. ET. On the other hand, the stock is still down 26% across 2026's trading and 36% from its lifetime high.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all,Stock Advisor’stotal average return is968%*— a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy right now,available when you joinStock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.
Even with some substantial valuation pullbacks, Palantir has one of the most growth-dependent valuation profiles of any major tech stock on the market. The company is currently valued at roughly 100 times this year's expectednon-GAAP(adjusted) earnings and 43.5 times expected sales.
While Palantir currently commands a leading position in the AI software space, the company's highly growth-dependent valuation means that the stock remains a speculative play despite trading down big from its lifetime high. It's likely that the company will continue to win major contracts with U.S. defense agencies and other government organizations, but there's a risk that the business's growth among public sector and private sector customers will fall short of expectations. Along those lines, there's a risk that political shifts in the U.S. could result in a softer demand outlook.
Based on the company's core service offerings and stellar sales and earnings growth, Palantir appears to be a very strong company. On the other hand, the stock's valuation profile means that the big upside potential associated with shares also comes with significant downside risk.
Before you buy stock inPalantir Technologies, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andPalantir Technologieswasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $555,526!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,156,403!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is968% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.
Keith Noonanhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Palantir Technologies. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over35 Amazons.
What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Top 10 Stocks to Buy Now&OurLimited-Time4-StockRule BreakersReport
*$199 for two years is a promotional price for new members only. 67% discount based on the current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/yr. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 13, 2026 at 11:59 pm PST.**Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.