Title: TSMC likely to book fourth straight quarter of record profit on insatiable AI demand
Date: 2026-04-13 03:09
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/technology/articles/tsmc-likely-book-fourth-straight-030901124.html?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride.
Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started.
Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks
Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg)
Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week
Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be.
Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher
Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO
What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings
The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey.
Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026.
Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains.
Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire
US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October.
US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge
Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite
Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now
Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation.
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian.
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
By Wen-Yee Lee and Ben Blanchard
TAIPEI, April 13 (Reuters) - TSMC (TSM) , the world's largest manufacturer of advancedartificial intelligencechips, will likely notch up a fourth consecutive quarter ‌of record earnings with a 50% surge in net profit for January-March thanks to ‌booming demand for AI infrastructure.
What are TSMC's expansion plans in global markets?
What's driving TSMC's record-breaking quarterly earnings surge?
How might geopolitical risks affect TSMC's operations?
How does TSMC's market valuation compare to competitors?
Analysts say that demand for Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co's 3-nanometre technology to produce AI chips and its ​advanced packaging technology continues to outstrip the firm's current production capacity.
That's driven Asia's most valuable company, a key supplier toNvidiaandApple, to new heights. Its market capitalisation is now nearly double that of South Korean rival Samsung Electronics at around $1.6 trillion.
This price reflects trading activity during the overnight session on the Blue Ocean ATS, available 8 PM to 4 AM ET, Sunday through Thursday, when regular markets are closed.
On Thursday, TSMC is expected to report a ‌net profit of T$542.6 billion ($17.1 ⁠billion) for the quarter, according to an LSEG SmartEstimate compiled from 19 analysts. SmartEstimates place greater weight on forecasts from analysts who are more consistently accurate.
An ⁠earnings call at which it will provide second-quarter and updated full-year guidance is scheduled for 0600 GMT.
Any profit result above T$505.7 billion would mark the company's highest-ever quarterly net income and its ninth consecutive quarter of ​profit ​growth.
Last week, it posted a 35% year-on-year rise in ​first-quarter revenue nL6N40T0G0, ahead of market ‌forecasts.
Looking ahead, "we expect higher quarter-on-quarter revenue growth guidance for the second quarter of 2026, driven by sustained AI demand and advanced-node leadership," Arthur Lai, head of technology research for Asia at Macquarie Capital, said in a note to clients.
The war in the Middle East threatens to disrupt the supply of production materials for semiconductors such as helium and neon, but TSMC is seen as ‌well-placed to weather the crisis.
"TSMC's diversified sourcing and safety ​stock should be sufficient to manage short-term disruptions," said Galen ​Zeng, senior research manager at IDC.
One ​area of focus will be whether TSMC maintains or raises its 2026 capital ‌spending plans as that will reflect management's ​confidence in long-term AI ​demand, Zeng said.
TSMC is investing $165 billion to build chip factories in the U.S. state of Arizona.
The company has also revised its plans in Japan and is now set to ​manufacture 3-nanometre chips there, instead of ‌focusing on more mature nodes.
TSMC's Taipei-listed shares have gained 28% so far this year, ​outperforming the 22% rise for the broader market.
($1 = 31.7730 Taiwan dollars)
(Reporting by Wen-Yee ​Lee and Ben Blanchard; Editing by Edwina Gibbs)
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio