Title: China’s Victory Giant Seeks Up to $2.2 Billion in Hong Kong Listing
Date: 2026-04-13 05:02
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/china-victory-giant-seeks-2-022002526.html?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride.
Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started.
Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks
Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg)
Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week
Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be.
Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher
Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO
What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings
The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey.
Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026.
Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains.
Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire
US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October.
US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge
Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite
Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now
Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation.
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian.
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
(Bloomberg) -- Victory Giant Technology Huizhou Co. began taking investor orders for a listing in Hong Kong that may raise as much as HK$17.5 billion ($2.2 billion) in what is set to be among the city’s largest first-time share sales this year.
The maker of printed circuit board products — the intricate electronic backbone of artificial-intelligence servers — is offering 83.3 million shares at as much as HK$209.88 each, according to a listing document released on Monday. The firm has options to increase the deal size to almost $3 billion.
The price represents a discount of about 37% to Victory Giant’s closing price on Friday in Shenzhen, where the firm’s shares are already traded. The fervor for AI has driven the stock up fourfold over the past year, valuing the firm at $37 billion as of Friday. Victory Giant shares rose as much as 4.2% in Shenzhen. Double-listed firms are generally trading at a more than 15% discount in Hong Kong to their onshore prices.
Thirty-seven cornerstone investors — which get guaranteed allocation in a listing in exchange for holding the shares for at least six months — are buying about $997 million worth of stock. They include Chinese billionaire Jack Ma-backed Yunfeng Capital, Morgan Stanley & Co. International Plc, asset manager Hillhouse Investment and South Korea’s Mirae Asset Securities Co., confirming an earlier Bloomberg News report.
By early afternoon Monday, investors had expressed enough interest to buy all shares on offer, people familiar with the matter said, asking not to be identified to discuss a private matter. Victory Giant didn’t immediately respond to a request for comment.
The deal will test investor appetite for maiden share sales at a time when global markets are being rocked by volatility from the Iran war. At the same time, intensifying regulatory scrutiny has unsettled Hong Kong’s financial industry, raising concerns that the boom in listings at Asia’s premier fundraising hub may slow.
Founded in 2006, Victory Giant counts Nvidia Corp. among its key partners. The firm is seen as a leader in high-density interconnect and multi-layer PCBs that are crucial for AI chips.
Surging demand for AI drove the Huizhou-based company’s shares up more than 580% in 2025, making it the top-performer on the MSCI Asia Pacific Index. Victory Giant posted revenue of 19.3 billion yuan ($2.8 billion) last year, with analysts polled by Bloomberg forecasting a 70% jump in 2026.
The rally has cooled this year, but even after the gains, Victory Giant trades at about 24 times forward earnings in Shenzhen — a sharp discount to the roughly 50-times multiple of the mainland’s chip-focused Star50 Index.
JPMorgan Chase & Co., China Securities International and GF Securities Co. are the joint sponsors of the offering.
--With assistance from Kelly Li and Kurt Schussler.
(Updates with books’ being covered in fifth paragraph.)
More stories like this are available onbloomberg.com
©2026 Bloomberg L.P.
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio