Title: The Millionaire Investor's Case for Buying the S&P 500 Every Single Month
Date: 2026-04-12 23:20
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/12/millionaire-investor-case-buying-sp-500-monthly/?.tsrc=rss

Content:
With consistency and discipline, the path to becoming a millionaire isn't as intimidating or difficult as it might seem.
Most investors focus on trying to find the market's next big winners. It may be the more exciting way to approach your investing strategy, but in most cases it's not the most successful. The better way to build wealth over time is usually building your portfolio brick by brick.
By steadily and consistently putting money away in theVanguard S&P 500 ETF(VOO0.07%), investors have a clear path to building a $1 million portfolio if they can stick with it.
Image source: Getty Images.
When you're building up the core of your portfolio, you want to look for investments that are durable, proven, and have the balance sheet strength to ride out different economic cycles. The companies of theS&P 500are just that.
Plus, they represent all areas of the U.S. economy, includingtech, healthcare, energy, and financial services. That type of diversification not only helps to generate more consistent revenue and earnings growth overall, it helps to reduce some of the volatility that comes from any one segment of the market underperforming.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
To be fair, diversification hadn't been in vogue lately, although that changed in 2026. Tech and growth stocks were about the only areas of the market outperforming. A lot of people went chasing after these stocks and are now overweight them in their portfolio.
But 2026 provides us a good reminder that the stock market almost always rotates eventually. Sectors and themes go in and out of favor. Instead of trying to pick winners and losers or trying totime the marketwith active trading, it's often better to just own the whole basket and let the long-term power of compounding do the work for you.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all,Stock Advisor’stotal average return is968%*— a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy right now,available when you joinStock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.
Here's a practical look at how different levels of monthly investment and rates of return affect how long it takes to reach $1 million.
Estimates are approximate and assume consistent monthly contributions with no starting balance. Past performance does not guarantee future results.
Obviously, the lower your return and the less you contribute, the longer it will take to earn the title of millionaire. In general, it's better to use more conservative assumptions about expected returns. That's the great unknown and is completely out of anyone's control.
You can, however, control how much you invest. The more you invest, the less reliant you become on high returns to get you to the $1 million mark.
How much you're able to invest depends largely on your income and your discipline level. But getting to a $500 monthly contribution might not be as intimidating as it seems.
If, for example, you earn $4,000 a month (or $48,000 annually), save 10% of your income in a 401(k) plan and get a 2%company match, you're at $480 right there. The more you're able or willing to save, the faster you can hit $1 million.
The important thing is just to get started. Even a much smaller monthly investment can get you to seven figures, given enough time. The key is consistency. Contributing monthly and letting it grow untouched is the best path to long-term wealth creation.
Before you buy shares in theVanguard S&P 500 ETF, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… and theVanguard S&P 500 ETFwasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $555,526!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,156,403!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is968% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.
David Dierkinghas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Vanguard S&P 500 ETF. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over35 Amazons.
What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Top 10 Stocks to Buy Now&OurLimited-Time4-StockRule BreakersReport
*$199 for two years is a promotional price for new members only. 67% discount based on the current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/yr. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 13, 2026 at 11:59 pm PST.**Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.