Title: The Best Vanguard ETF to Invest $1,000 in This April
Date: 2026-04-13 19:50
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/13/best-vanguard-etf-to-invest-1000-in-this-april/?.tsrc=rss

Content:
With the markets looking very choppy so far in 2026, this sector has the tailwinds to keep moving higher.
After three consecutive years of double-digit returns, the U.S. stock market has turned choppy in 2026. The Iran war has spiked volatility, and theS&P 500has been on a roller-coaster ride all year.
Not every area of the market, however, has done poorly. Defensive andvalue stockshave taken over leadership of the market and have produced solidly positive returns. But the clear winner this year has been the energy sector. TheVanguard Energy ETF(VDE+0.22%)is up about 30% year to date, making it the best-performing fund in Vanguard's entire ETF lineup.
While it could easily be assumed that the biggest gains have already been had, here's why I think this fund still deserves a look in April if you have cash you want to put to work.
Source: Getty Images.
The narrative for theenergy sectorwas positive even before the Iran war. Steady demand was met with controlled supplies, helping to keep a floor under prices. Manufacturing was making a rebound. But the conflict in the Middle East turned modest supply into a global supply shock. That has sent crude prices soaring with energy stocks also getting pulled higher in the process.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
The big wild card right now is that we don't know how long this will continue. Although the recent ceasefire may allow energy and cargo shipments through the Strait of Hormuz, great uncertainty remains. The longer the war continues, the longer it's likely to pressure prices higher. In other words, the near-term catalysts for energy stocks are:
Source: Vanguard Group.
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name.
Because the performance of energy stocks has been heavily driven by geopolitical events, there's the risk that sector performance could turn lower again should there be a resolution in the Middle East.
While short-term events may be supportive for energy stocks, long-term investors may want to consider the broader macro picture first. Energy demand from the current uptick in manufacturing activity and the AI buildout remain bullish catalysts, although investors should expect some volatility along the way.
TheVanguardEnergy ETF remains one of the better ways to invest in this sector. Investors should, however, monitor their holdings should conditions change quickly.
Before you buy shares in theVanguard World Fund - Vanguard Energy ETF, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… and theVanguard World Fund - Vanguard Energy ETFwasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $555,526!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,156,403!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is968% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.
David Dierkinghas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Chevron and Vanguard S&P 500 ETF. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over55 Metas.
What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Top 10 Stocks to Buy Now&OurLimited-Time4-StockRule BreakersReport
*$199 for two years is a promotional price for new members only. 67% discount based on the current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/yr. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 13, 2026 at 11:59 pm PST.**Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.