Title: 3 Under-the-Radar AI Stock Picks That Could Be Incredible Buys
Date: 2026-04-13 04:20
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/13/3-under-the-radar-ai-stock-picks-that-could-be-inc/?.tsrc=rss

Content:
High-risk, high-reward investment opportunities are plentiful in the market.
If you're looking for some smaller companies with massive upside, you're not alone. Investors are attracted to opportunities with the promise of getting rich quickly, so finding companies with huge growth and massive upside is key.
However, the market also prices risk and reward accordingly, so some of these stocks have huge upside because they are incredibly risky. If you're not OK with some of these picks losing money, then these stocks aren't for you. However, I'm confident at least one of these stocks will pan out, and if it becomes the next 10-bagger, it can erase a lot of losers.
Three stocks that I'm eyeing for great upside areIonQ(IONQ+2.53%),SoundHound AI(SOUN1.76%), andNebius(NBIS+6.32%). All three of these look primed to deliver strong returns over the next few years, but their success is far from certain.
Image source: Getty Images.
While artificial intelligence (AI) is all the rage right now,quantum computingis on the horizon. Several companies are making incredible breakthroughs, and IonQ is among them. The primary issue with quantum computing currently is that it isn't accurate enough to deploy in a commercial setting. However, IonQ currently has the world's most accurate quantum computing technology, so it's the leader in this realm.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
IonQ is seeing huge demand for its early-stage products and has also signed several contracts with clients to partner in quantum computing research. In Q4 2025, its revenue rose 429% year over year, and it expects its revenue to double next year. That's a bullish outlook for one of the quantum computing leaders, but there's also no guarantee of success.
Quantum computing is a highly competitive space, and there are several tech giants also competing in this realm. I believe IonQ's product will still be a big winner, but it has its work cut out for it.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all,Stock Advisor’stotal average return is968%*— a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy right now,available when you joinStock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.
SoundHound AIis a software company that's combining generative AI with audio recognition technology. There is a huge market for a product like this, but it's currently being primarily used in the restaurant space to automate drive-thrus, as well as digital assistants in vehicles. However, the end market is far larger than that.
SoundHound AI's technology could be utilized in any scenario where there is a human-to-human interaction over the phone. That means sectors like healthcare, insurance, and finance could be targets of SoundHound AI's software, especially in the customer service departments.
During its latest quarter, SoundHound AI's revenue grew at a 59% pace, and it reported signing several customers in the aforementioned industries, as well as increasing some of its contracts with existing clients. Time will tell if SoundHound AI can deliver a product that's viable and if consumers will accept more automation, but if it pans out, SoundHound AI can transform into a giant in no time.
Nebius is a neocloud company that offers acloud computing platformthat specializes in AI. Nebius has a lucrative deal withNvidiato gain access to its cutting-edge hardware first, making it a no-barrier platform on which to run AI workflows. Nebius boasts several big-name clients likeMeta Platforms(META+0.23%)andMicrosoft(MSFT0.60%), but is also popular among individual developers because it offers a full-stack platform that gives every tool its clients need to train and run AI models.
Demand for Nebius' services is increasing, and it projects that its annual run rate will rise to $7 billion to $9 billion by the end of 2026. That's up from $1.25 billion at the end of 2025, showcasing its huge growth rate. The biggest question surrounding Nebius is profitability, which will come eventually.
Right now, it's focused on grabbing as much market share in AI as possible. The big risk here is that Nebius gets too far out in front of its skis, but with as much money is still left to be spent on AI infrastructure, I think there's still plenty of upside here.
Before you buy stock inIonQ, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andIonQwasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $555,526!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,156,403!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is968% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.
Keithen Druryhas positions in IonQ, Meta Platforms, Microsoft, Nebius Group, Nvidia, and SoundHound AI. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends IonQ, Meta Platforms, Microsoft, Nvidia, and SoundHound AI. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over35 Amazons.
What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Top 10 Stocks to Buy Now&OurLimited-Time4-StockRule BreakersReport
*$199 for two years is a promotional price for new members only. 67% discount based on the current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/yr. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 13, 2026 at 11:59 pm PST.**Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.