Title: News of the day: Toronto home sales, accountant shortage, Microsoft data centres, Canadian pension plans, accountability lessons and more
Date: 2026-04-07 21:30 UTC
URL: https://financialpost.com/uncategorized/news-of-the-day-toronto-home-sales-accountant-shortage-microsoft-data-centres-canadian-pension-plans-accountability-lessons-and-more?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Catch up on the stories we’re following today

You can save this article by registering for free here . Or sign-in if you have an account.

It’s Tuesday, April 7. Here are the top stories we’re following today.

Subscribe now to read the latest news in your city and across Canada.

Subscribe now to read the latest news in your city and across Canada.

Create an account or sign in to continue with your reading experience.

Create an account or sign in to continue with your reading experience.

Toronto home sales rise as buyers benefit from ‘substantial negotiating power’

More than 5,000 homes changed hands in March, a 1.7 per cent increase from the same month last year, according to the latest data from the Toronto Regional Real Estate Board. The MLS Home Price index composite benchmark was down 7.4 per cent year over year, while the average selling price sank 6.7 per cent year over year to $1,017,796.

Read the story

Get the latest headlines, breaking news and columns.

By signing up you consent to receive the above newsletter from Postmedia Network Inc.

A welcome email is on its way. If you don't see it, please check your junk folder.

The next issue of Top Stories will soon be in your inbox.

We encountered an issue signing you up. Please try again

Interested in more newsletters? Browse here.

The accountant shortage is starting to add up despite an easier tax filing season

The shortage of qualified accountants is a structural problem that the chaos years obscured and a calmer tax season will not fix. The people inside the system are absorbing the strain, so you don’t have to see the cracks.

Read the story

Microsoft vows data centres will not hike Canadians’ water and electricity bills

Microsoft Corp., which committed to investing $19 billion in Canada last December to expand its cloud and AI infrastructure, said AI infrastructure brings “enormous opportunity,” but it is aware Canadians have “real questions” about affordability, energy and water use, jobs and the impact on local communities.

Read the story

Canadian pension plans are so healthy that employers are taking a contribution ‘holiday,’ says Mercer

Contribution holidays can be required under the Canadian Income Tax Act when the surplus in a plan reaches a certain solvency threshold. At that stage, employers are required to pause contributions and are restricted until the surplus drops below that level.

Read the story

How Roberto Alomar and Bill Ackman offer valuable, if opposing, lessons in accountability

In one case, an institution imposed consequences without a court process. In the other, an individual may be able to avoid that process altogether.

Read the story

Postmedia is committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion. Please keep comments relevant and respectful. Comments may take up to an hour to appear on the site. You will receive an email if there is a reply to your comment, an update to a thread you follow or if a user you follow comments. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information.
