Title: JEDEC® Announces May 2026 Forums Focused on Next-Generation Memory for AI, Server, Cloud, and Mobile Computing
Date: 2026-04-07 17:00 UTC
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/technology/articles/jedec-announces-may-2026-forums-170000296.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Two days of deep technical insight on emerging JEDEC memory standards and system designs

ARLINGTON, Va., April 07, 2026 --( BUSINESS WIRE )-- JEDEC Solid State Technology Association , the global leader in the development of standards for the microelectronics industry, today announced that it is hosting a Mobile/Client/Edge Forum on Tuesday, May 12 and a Server/Cloud Computing/AI Forum on Wednesday, May 13 in San Jose, CA. Advance registration is required and space is limited. For more information and registration, visit the JEDEC website .

The Forums offer an impressive lineup of influential speakers covering a diverse range of cutting-edge topics, including keynote presentations from AMD, Dell, Google, Intel, Meta, Microsoft, Samsung, and SK Hynix. Speakers from Advantest, Cadence, Eliyan, Everspin, FuturePlus Systems, Keysight, Micron, MIPI Alliance, MPS, Super Micro and Synopsys round out the agenda.

From mobile and client computing to AI, servers, cloud computing and edge technologies, there’s something for everyone looking to stay ahead in this dynamic field. Examples include presentations such as "Unlocking the Potential of Edge AI: Trends, Opportunities, and Growth for Memory", "AI-Driven Memory, Memory-Driven AI: LPDDR6-PIM’s Journey to Market" and "Navigating System Design Challenges Amid the Rapidly Evolving Memory Landscape".

Mian Quddus, Chairman of the JEDEC Board of Directors, said: "We are delighted to invite industry professionals to join us for a front-row seat to the future of computing." He added, "Supporting the industry through educational outreach is an integral part of JEDEC’s mission, and we look forward to welcoming attendees to the JEDEC Forums next month."

About JEDEC

JEDEC is the global leader in the development of standards for the microelectronics industry. Thousands of volunteers representing over 380 member companies work together with more than 100 JEDEC technical committees and task groups to meet the needs of every segment of the industry, manufacturers and consumers alike. The publications and standards generated by JEDEC committees are accepted throughout the world. All JEDEC standards are available for download from the JEDEC website. For more information, visit www.jedec.org .

View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20260407404057/en/

Contacts

Emily Desjardins 703-907-7560 emilyd@jedec.org
