Title: American Airlines boosts loyalty enrollments 25%
Date: 2026-04-23 17:00
URL: https://www.customerexperiencedive.com/news/american-airlines-boosts-loyalty-enrollments/818371/?.tsrc=rss

Let CX Dive’s free newsletter keep you informed, straight from your inbox.
                    
                
            
The carrier’s redesigned in-app loyalty experience and the introduction of free Wi-Fi encouraged AAdvantage sign-ups, according to CEO Robert Isom.
American is not the only airline facing severe headwinds as the war in Iran sends fuel prices skyrocketing. Delta Air Lines, Alaska Air Group, and United Airlines cited fuel costs as a drag on earnings and are leaning into premium, brand loyalty or rewards programs to offset impact. 
American’s record first-quarter revenue of $13.9 billion wasn’t enough to counteract fuel costs to leave it in the green. The carrier reported a net loss of $382 million. 
Premium and loyalty were relative bright spots. Managed corporate revenue increased 13% year over year in the first quarter.
“We continue to deepen the relationships we have with our corporate and agency partners and are capturing greater share among high-value customers,” Isom said. “Our customer base skews higher-end, and our customers have shown that they are willing to spend more for an improved travel experience.” 
The airline is increasing premium capacity through new aircraft deliveries and retrofits, with lie-flat and premium economy seats growing more than twice as fast as main cabin seats in the quarter. 
As part of its premium efforts, American said it would further segment its fare products, but did not provide details. 
“We have already seen the impact of these efforts in our premium cabins, with paid load factors in business and premium economy at the highest levels in our history, up approximately 10 points versus 2019,” Isom said.
Earlier this month, United said it was introducing tiered fares in its premium cabin, and Delta executives on an earnings call shared that it was exploring the further segmentation of premium fares, too.
Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts
A year since launching Mylow, the retailer is improving how it uses AI to connect online and in-store experiences, fine tune personalization and instill trust.
Business leaders and customers agree that resolution should be fast, but leaders place greater value in apologies, according to a survey released by Sprinklr.
Subscribe to CX Dive for top news, trends & analysis
Sign up for the free  newsletter. 

                Interested? Explore more of what  has to offer.
            

            Thanks for signing up!
            Please keep an eye out for a confirmation email from
            newsletter@ittnewsletter.com
            To ensure we make it into your inbox regularly,
            add us to your allow list, mark us as a safe sender, or add us to your address book.
            Check out more from
            

Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts
Want to share a company announcement with your peers?


                                
                                    Get started
                                
                                ➔


A year since launching Mylow, the retailer is improving how it uses AI to connect online and in-store experiences, fine tune personalization and instill trust.
Business leaders and customers agree that resolution should be fast, but leaders place greater value in apologies, according to a survey released by Sprinklr.
The free newsletter covering the top industry headlines