Title: AAL Posts Narrower-Than-Expected Q1 Loss Amid Revenue Strength
Date: 2026-04-23 16:11
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/aal-posts-narrower-expected-q1-161100673.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude. 
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
Allbirds' AI pivot shows signs of froth in markets, but experts say the underlying fundamentals in AI remain strong.
Dow leaps 850 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch new records in stunning rally amid US-Iran diplomacy hopes
Stocks climbed at the open and oil fell as Iran said the Strait of Hormuz is 'completely open'
The stock market has notched one of its fastest turnarounds in years
Europe is facing a severe jet fuel shortage, with 'maybe six weeks of jet fuel left'
Stocks rebound after Trump says Israel, Lebanon agreed to ceasefire
S&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq rise, with fresh records in view amid hopes for truce
Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions
S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses
The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company
S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled
Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher
US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI
JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks'
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
American Airlines AAL posted a loss (excluding 18 cents from non-recurring items) of 40 cents per share in the first quarter of 2026, narrower than the Zacks Consensus Estimate of a loss of 45 cents. The carrier reported a loss of 59 cents per share in the year-ago quarter.
Operating revenues of $13.91 billion rose 10.8% year over year and edged past the consensus mark of $13.81 billion. Management pointed to strengthening demand and unit revenue trends as core drivers, even after an estimated $320 million revenue impact from winter storms.
AAL highlighted momentum across the multiyear commercial priorities, including elevating the customer experience, expanding its network, driving premium revenues and leaning into loyalty. The company said it recorded the nine highest revenue intake weeks in the 100-year history, underscoring the pace of demand during the quarter.
Unit revenue trends were a key differentiator. Total revenue per available seat mile or TRASM increased 7.6% year over year, with passenger revenue per ASM up 6.5% and yield rising 5.6%. Traffic, measured in revenue passenger miles, grew 3.9%, while available seat miles (a measure of capacity) increased 3%, helping load factor (% of seats filled with passengers) expand 0.7 points to 81.3%. Our estimate for the metric was 82.4%.
American Airlines price-consensus-eps-surprise-chart | American Airlines Quote
On a revenue mix basis, passenger revenues climbed 9.7% year over year to $12.5 billion, lower than our estimate of $12.7 billion. Cargo revenues rose 12.9% to $214 million, higher than our estimate of $197 million. Other revenues increased 23.9% to $1.2 billion, just ahead of our estimate of $1.05 billion. The uptick in other revenues reflects strength across ancillary and related sources.
Regionally, domestic passenger revenues advanced 10.6% to $8.99 billion on 3.7% ASM growth, supported by a 6.6% increase in passenger revenue per ASM. International passenger revenues increased 7.4% to $3.51 billion. Within that, Atlantic passenger revenues rose 14.2% to $1.1 billion, with passenger revenue per ASM up 16.7% and load factor improving 5.2 points to 79.7%. Pacific passenger revenues grew 12.1% to $440 million, while Latin America passenger revenues increased 3% to $1.96 billion.
Expense discipline improved compared with last year’s operating results, but higher costs remained a clear pressure point. Total operating expenses increased 8.8% year over year to $13.95 billion, led by higher aircraft fuel and related taxes and rising labor expenses.
Fuel expense climbed 13.2% to $2.93 billion as the average fuel price (including related taxes) rose 10.7% to $2.75 per gallon. Salaries, wages and benefits increased 10.7% to $4.67 billion. On a unit basis, operating cost per ASM was 19.38 cents, up 5.6%, while CASM excluding net special items, fuel and profit sharing increased 5.2% to 15.29 cents.
American Airlines, currently carrying a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold), exited the quarter with total debt of $34.7 billion, its lowest level since mid-2015, and liquidity of $10.8 billion. The company also reported $3.41 billion of free cash flow in the quarter, reflecting strong cash generation alongside continued balance-sheet actions. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
Looking ahead, management expects second-quarter adjusted earnings to range from a loss of 20 cents to earnings of 20 cents per share. The Zacks Consensus Estimate currently highlights a loss of 26 cents per share. The outlook given by AAL assumes fuel price of roughly $4 per gallon and calls for ASMs up 4% to 6% year over year and total revenues up 13.5% to 16.5%, alongside CASM excluding net special items, fuel and profit sharing up 2% to 4%.
For full-year 2026, AAL currently guided adjusted earnings to a range of a loss of 40 cents to earnings of $1.10 per share, with the midpoint described as approximately flat to 2025 despite a more than $4 billion increase in expense tied to higher jet fuel prices. The Zacks Consensus Estimate currently highlights a loss of $1.05 per share. Previously, AAL expected earnings per share in the $1.7-$2.7 range.
Delta Air Lines DAL reported first-quarter 2026 earnings (excluding $1.08 from non-recurring items) of 64 cents per share, which beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 61 cents. Earnings increased 39.1% on a year-over-year basis. Revenues in the March-end quarter were $14.2 billion, beating the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $14 billion and increasing on a year-over-year basis.
Alaska Air Group ALK reported a loss of $1.68 per share, wider than the Zacks Consensus Estimate of a loss of $1.61. In the year-ago quarter, ALK reported a loss of 77 cents per share.
Meanwhile, the operating revenues of $3.3 billion beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $3.27 billion. Total revenues jumped 5.2% year over year, with passenger revenues accounting for 88.5% of the top line and increasing 4% to $2.92 billion, but missing our estimate of $2.96 billion.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
American Airlines Group Inc. (AAL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Alaska Air Group, Inc. (ALK) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio