Title: Alaska Air's Shares Decline 4.8% Since Q1 FY26 Earnings Release
Date: 2026-04-22 15:58
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/alaska-airs-shares-decline-4-155800000.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude. 
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
Allbirds' AI pivot shows signs of froth in markets, but experts say the underlying fundamentals in AI remain strong.
Dow leaps 850 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch new records in stunning rally amid US-Iran diplomacy hopes
Stocks climbed at the open and oil fell as Iran said the Strait of Hormuz is 'completely open'
The stock market has notched one of its fastest turnarounds in years
Europe is facing a severe jet fuel shortage, with 'maybe six weeks of jet fuel left'
Stocks rebound after Trump says Israel, Lebanon agreed to ceasefire
S&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq rise, with fresh records in view amid hopes for truce
Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions
S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses
The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company
S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled
Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher
US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI
JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks'
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Alaska Air Group ALK reported a wider-than-expected loss in the first-quarter of 2026. Revenues edged past the Zacks Consensus Estimate.
The steeper-than-expected loss failed to please investors, and the stock has declined 4.8% since its earnings release on April 20.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
The company reported a loss of $1.68 per share, wider than the Zacks Consensus Estimate of a loss of $1.61. In the year-ago quarter, ALK reported a loss of 77 cents per share.
Meanwhile, the operating revenues of $3.30 billion beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $3.27 billion. Total revenues jumped 5.2% year over year, with passenger revenues accounting for 88.5% of the top line and increasing 4% to $2.92 billion, but missing our model estimate of $2.96 billion.
Alaska Air Group, Inc. price-consensus-eps-surprise-chart | Alaska Air Group, Inc. Quote
On a year-over-year basis, cargo and other revenues increased 25% year over year to $153 million, beating our estimate of $128.4 million. Loyalty program other revenues grew 10% year over year to $227 million, surpassing our estimate of $209.5 million.
Alaska Air’s diversified revenue base contributed to the top-line year-over-year growth. Corporate travel increased 19% and premium revenues grew 8%.
All comparisons are presented on a year-over-year basis unless otherwise noted.
Revenue per available seat mile (RASM: a key measure of unit revenues) inched up 3.5% to 15.30 cents. Yield increased 3.7% to 16.88 cents.
Consolidated traffic (measured in revenue passenger miles) inched up 0.2% to 17.30 billion. Capacity (measured in available seat miles) rose 1.7% to 21.57 billion. Load factor (percentage of seats filled by passengers) fell to 80.2% from 81.3% in the prior-year period. Our estimate for the metric was 89.2%. In the first quarter, total operating expenses (on a reported basis) increased 7% to $3.58 billion.
Economic fuel price per gallon increased 14.2% to $2.98. Consolidated operating costs per available seat mile (excluding fuel and special items) inched up 6.3%.
At the end of the March quarter, ALK had $451 million in cash and cash equivalents compared with $627 million at the end of 2025. ALK exited the first quarter of 2026 with long-term debt (net of current portion) of $4.82 billion compared with $4.83 billion at the end of the prior quarter.
During the first quarter, ALK repurchased 4.7 million shares for $203 million, with year-to-date repurchases totaling $250 million as of April 20, 2026.
ALK anticipates a second-quarter 2026 adjusted loss per share of $1. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for loss is currently pegged at 5 cents per share.
Capacity in the June quarter is projected to be up 1% year over year, down nearly a point from original expectations, reflecting proactive capacity trimming in May and June.
The adjusted tax rate is estimated to be 32%. Unit cost in the June quarter is anticipated to be approximately 1.5 points higher than the first quarter, driven by close-in capacity reductions and several transitory factors. ALK suspended its guidance for full-year 2026 due to fuel volatility.
Currently, ALK carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
Delta Air Lines DAL reported first-quarter 2026 earnings (excluding $1.08 from non-recurring items) of 64 cents per share, which beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 61 cents. Earnings increased 39.1% on a year-over-year basis. Revenues in the March-end quarter were $14.2 billion, beating the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $14 billion and increasing on a year-over-year basis.
J.B. Hunt Transport Services JBHT posted first-quarter 2026 earnings per share of $1.49, up 27% from $1.17 a year ago. The result topped the Zacks Consensus Estimate by $0.04, reflecting a 2.8% surprise.
Operating revenues totaled $3.06 billion, rising 4.6% year over year. Revenues beat the consensus mark of $2.94 billion, resulting in a 3.9% surprise, as demand proved resilient across several service offerings, led by Intermodal volume growth and higher revenue per load in select highway-related businesses.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. (JBHT) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Alaska Air Group, Inc. (ALK) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio