Title: United earnings_ How airlines continue to factor in fuel cost risks
Date: 2026-04-22 16:15
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/united-earnings-how-airlines-continue-to-factor-in-fuel-cost-risks-161500245.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude. 
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
Allbirds' AI pivot shows signs of froth in markets, but experts say the underlying fundamentals in AI remain strong.
Dow leaps 850 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch new records in stunning rally amid US-Iran diplomacy hopes
Stocks climbed at the open and oil fell as Iran said the Strait of Hormuz is 'completely open'
The stock market has notched one of its fastest turnarounds in years
Europe is facing a severe jet fuel shortage, with 'maybe six weeks of jet fuel left'
Stocks rebound after Trump says Israel, Lebanon agreed to ceasefire
S&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq rise, with fresh records in view amid hopes for truce
Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions
S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses
The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company
S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled
Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher
US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI
JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks'
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
United Airlines (UAL) stock is hitting some turbulence on Wednesday after trimming its full-year guidance on the back of rising fuel costs.
Yahoo Finance Senior Reporter Pras Subramanian and SDT Capital Advisors president Steve Trent discuss United's earnings results and the airline industry's top challenges right now.
What stands out to you from United, like and the not just United but some of the other airlines that we've gotten thus far with this conundrum on fuel prices?
Yeah, it's how operationally they're trying to to deal with it, right? So, United talked about cutting capacity, a decent amount of their capacity in in for the year and then also having no real growth in Q3 and Q4. So, that sort of speaks to the fact that you're not going to see that growth in both top and bottom line that you might want to see. Although they'd had they had a great quarter in terms of revenue growth this past quarter uh in Q1, which sort of speaks to like you mentioned the premium sort of build out and what they're doing pushing forward, pushing forward. But then, like you mentioned, how how far does it happen when you have demand destruction because the prices are just getting so high. I mean, if you look at airline price right now for the summer, it's it's quite stratospheric. So, the question is, hey, let's say you have a resolution tomorrow, when does jet fuel prices come down? It's going to take at least a few months and I think that's sort of the issue we're seeing. I think if you're United, you're hoping for that resolution as soon as possible and you see the stock down today, but broader markets are sort of hoping for something coming up down the line. But yeah, I think it's it's an operational issue. It's it's it's it's how the the Delta, the United, and the American is trying to deal with that. Um and then you have the lower budget airlines that can't manage high fuel prices.
Yeah. So okay, so so how long do airfares keep going up at this rate? How how how far can they go, you know, because of this concern about demand destruction?
Yeah, look, I think actually the airfare side, there is still room to run. You know, for example,
Well, this is bad news for all of us, Steve.
You just said you booked your summer travel already. Well not everybody has done that, so we're all in trouble.
I did.
Guilty as charged. But I do think that, um, you know, that is good for the shareholder eventually once we get past this uh extremely volatile period where there's just so much news flow in the market. It's it's creates a great deal of difficulty in terms of trying to figure out how this stuff's going to trade. Um, I do think exactly to your point,
when you look at the overseas stuff, um you know, the Americas is in a relatively good spot in terms of its crude supply. US, Canada, Mexico, Brazil, Colombia. Doesn't mean we have no issues with refined products, but the supply is there. I'm kind of curious what happens with some of these overseas markets, um where, you know, United goes overseas, they have to refuel. Uh and of the big three, uh they are the most international exposed. So, you know, that's going to be interesting to see how that plays out.
Yeah, you know, anecdotally, looking at prices in the US, you know, they're up but not so so much. If you look at transatlantic, trans-pacific travel, the prices are skyrocketing uh for all not just the Americans and the United, but also all the foreign uh uh airlines. It's it's it's insane in terms of how much the the costs to go across transcontinental. I mean or or to another country.
Transatlantic.
Transatlantic and trans Pacific, yes, yes.
Yeah. I mean, are we also, you know, we've already seen some capacity cutbacks to your point. Is it going to get harder to go to more places um for a longer period of time as a result of all this? Are there just some cities where that are not going to be as accessible?
I think it absolutely will. And if you look at the low cost model, maybe a little dated going back to the pre-pandemic days, if you're a network airline, you win the battle by having a strong demand curve and having strong unit revenue. If you're a discount airline, you're never going to win the unit revenue battle. You win that battle on having the best seat mile cost profile. And with jet fuel kerosene's move, it's impossible to have that seat mile cost profile. And you don't have the equipment and the capacity deployment today, because there's not enough planes, there's not enough air traffic control capability. So a discount airline, uh under this scenario, either has to try and start luring more premium, like you've seen them doing, um and maybe the weakest links are are going to shrink more significantly than everybody else.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio