Title: Airline stocks: what happens after oil peaks?
Date: 2026-04-10 17:36
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/airline-stocks-happens-oil-peaks-173635391.html?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading
The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride.
Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started.
Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks
Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg)
Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week
Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be.
Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher
Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO
What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings
The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey.
Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026.
Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains.
Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire
US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October.
US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge
Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite
Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now
Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation.
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Investing.com -- Airline stocks have historically outperformed in the months following a peak in oil prices, but analysts caution that the demand picture complicates any straightforward bullish read, particularly for carriers still navigating the fallout from this year’s energy shock.
Wolfe Research analyst Scott Grouptold clients in a note on Friday that the sharp drop in jet fuel prices following the U.S.-Iran ceasefire announcement is a welcome development for the sector.
He noted that Delta Air Lines guided second-quarter revenue per available seat mile above 13%, well above Wolfe’s prior estimate of 9% and the firm’s initial pre-oil-spike forecast of 5%.
Group explained that historical data shows airline stocks tend to outperform the broader market in the one-, three- and six-month periods following a peak in oil prices.
However, he flagged a key risk. "Each of these peaks in oil has been followed by lower year-over-year RASM in the following year," he wrote.
Group believes the critical question ahead is whether airlines can sustain revenue momentum if fuel costs normalize, noting he is already modeling lower year-over-year passenger RASM for Delta next year as a partial offset to more normalized fuel.
AlphaValue analyst Yi Zhongsaid, in comments to Investing.com, that the impact of rising oil prices on airlines is "multifaceted and characterized by high levels of uncertainty."
She noted that European carriers maintain relatively robust fuel hedging positions for the coming months.
"Since airlines typically employ a rolling hedge strategy, the volatility of the unhedged portion relative to spot prices should not have a catastrophic immediate impact," Zhong stated, noting divergent tactical responses, with some carriers, such as Ryanair, suspending new hedging activity in March due to prohibitive costs, while others, like Air France-KLM, continued their programs.
"Despite these hedges, most airlines have already implemented fuel surcharges. On the revenue side, we expect a degree of ’stability’ driven by efficient capacity reallocation," she added. "However, supply constraints are a growing concern. With Brent supply restricted, we anticipate fuel shortages starting in May, compounded by the necessary lead times for crude refining."Even in a hyper-optimistic scenario where global peace is declared tonight, Zhong notes that oil prices would not drop immediately, and, "given that there are currently no signs of de-escalation in the Middle East conflict, we believe airline stocks will remain volatile for the foreseeable future, with a substantial impact on year-end earnings."
Meanwhile,Peter Corey, Chief Market Strategist at Pave Finance, offered a more cautious read, noting that airline relative strength compared to the S&P 500 does not reliably improve simply because oil has peaked and begun to fall.
"Lower fuel costs do help margins but when crude spikes hard enough, it also acts as a tax on the consumer and raises the odds of an economic slowdown," Corey told Investing.com. "Because airlines are a textbook cyclical industry, weaker travel demand can easily overwhelm the benefit of cheaper fuel.”
“After major oil peaks, the market often stops focusing on fuel relief and starts focusing on demand risk instead," he added.
Elsewhere,Trade Nation’s Senior Market Analyst, David Morrison, told Investing.com that "a look at the charts of some of the major airlines is very instructive as it indicates exactly what the market is currently pricing in."
"For a start, most have had a torrid time since February, and in some cases since the beginning of the year. But now IAG, along with United, American and Southwest Airlines all look as if they’re bottoming and possibly turning higher," he explained. "The turnaround in Ryanair has been far sharper with less of a bottoming structure, so possibly less reliable.Delta Air Lineshasn’t suffered unduly, but it does have the advantage of owning an oil company."
Morrison added that investors seem to remain convinced that this will turn out to be a relatively short war and that any wider disruption should be minimal.
"Traders are keeping a close eye on crude oil futures, particularly Brent, which are currently forecasting a significant easing in price by the summer. It’s quite possible that everyone is being overly optimistic. But it’s probably fair to expect a relief rally, however brief as soon as the Strait of Hormuz is reopened for transit," he concluded, warning that if Iran continues to control and block most of the shipping attempting to pass through the Strait, "then all bets are off."
Related articles
Airline stocks: what happens after oil peaks?
Nvidia's new Alpamayo project: What it means for Tesla?
Wolfe Research outlines eight risks that could spark stock declines in 2026
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio