Title: United Airlines Q1 Earnings & Revenues Surpass Estimates, Up Y_Y
Date: 2026-04-22 15:03
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/united-airlines-q1-earnings-revenues-150300700.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude. 
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
Allbirds' AI pivot shows signs of froth in markets, but experts say the underlying fundamentals in AI remain strong.
Dow leaps 850 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch new records in stunning rally amid US-Iran diplomacy hopes
Stocks climbed at the open and oil fell as Iran said the Strait of Hormuz is 'completely open'
The stock market has notched one of its fastest turnarounds in years
Europe is facing a severe jet fuel shortage, with 'maybe six weeks of jet fuel left'
Stocks rebound after Trump says Israel, Lebanon agreed to ceasefire
S&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq rise, with fresh records in view amid hopes for truce
Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions
S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses
The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company
S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled
Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher
US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI
JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks'
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
United Airlines Holdings, Inc. (UAL) reported solid first-quarter 2026 results wherein the company’s earnings and revenues beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate and improved on a year-over-year basis.
UAL's first-quarter 2026 adjusted earnings per share (EPS) (excluding 95 cents from non-recurring items) of $1.19 surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $1.08 and increased 30.8% on a year-over-year basis. The reported figure lies within the guided range of $1.00-$1.50.
Operating revenues of $14.6 billion outpaced the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $14.3 billion and increased 10.5% year over year. Passenger revenues (which accounted for 90.1% of the top line) increased 11% year over year to $13.1 billion. UAL flights transported 42,486 passengers in the first quarter, up 4.1% year over year.
Cargo revenues fell 1.6% year over year to $422 million. Revenues from other sources rose 10.5% year over year to $1.02 billion.
Despite challenges such as the $340 million increase in fuel expense from the year-ago reported quarter, UAL’s diverse revenue sources contributed to its first-quarter results. These include premium revenues, which increased 14% year over year, loyalty revenues, which rose 13% year over year and revenue from Basic Economy, which increased 7% year over year. Business revenue also remained strong, up 14% year over year for the first quarter. The first quarter was United Airlines' highest-revenue first quarter ever, with positive PRASM growth in every region.
United Airlines Holdings Inc price-consensus-eps-surprise-chart | United Airlines Holdings Inc Quote
UAL’s chief executive officer, Scott Kirby, stated, "Our strong financial position and success in winning brand-loyal customers enabled United to quickly make tactical adjustments to higher fuel prices while maintaining our long-term focus."
Below, we present all comparisons (in % terms) with the first quarter of 2025 figures unless otherwise stated.
Airline traffic, measured in revenue passenger miles, grew 6.5%. Capacity, measured in available seat miles, expanded 3.4%. Since traffic outpaced capacity expansion, the consolidated load factor (percentage of seats filled by passengers) rose 2.4 points on a year-over-year basis to 81.6%.
Consolidated passenger revenue per available seat mile (a key measure of unit revenues) inched up 7.4% year over year. Total revenue per available seat mile increased 6.9% year over year. The average yield per revenue passenger mile rose 4.2% year over year to 20.77 cents. The average aircraft fuel price per gallon grew 9.9% year over year to $2.78. Fuel gallons consumed were up 2.4% year over year.
Operating expenses (on a reported basis) increased 8% year over year to $13.6 billion. Consolidated unit cost or cost per available seat mile, excluding fuel, third-party business expenses, profit-sharing and special charges, inched up 5.9% year over year to 13.95 cents.
UAL exited the first quarter of 2026 with cash and cash equivalents of $7.86 billion compared with $5.94 billion at the prior-quarter end. Long-term debt, finance leases and other financial liabilities were $21.9 billion compared with $20.5 billion at the end of the prior quarter.
UAL repurchased almost $27 million of shares in the first quarter of 2026.
For second-quarter 2026, UAL anticipates adjusted EPS between $1.00 and $2.00. The Zacks Consensus Estimate of $1.91 lies within the guidance.
For 2026, UAL now anticipates adjusted EPS between $7.00 and $11.00 compared with the prior guided view of $12.00-$14.00. The Zacks Consensus Estimate of $7.95 lies within the updated guidance.
Adjusted total capital expenditures for 2026 are still anticipated to be less than $8 billion.
United Airlines expects to recover 40-50% of the fuel price increase in the second quarter, 70-80% of the fuel price increase in the third quarter and 85-100% of the fuel price increase in the fourth quarter of 2026 through its revenues.
The average aircraft fuel price is expected to be around $4.30 per gallon in the second quarter of 2026. Based on the current fuel environment, UAL is expecting year-over-year capacity to be flat to up almost 2% in both the third and fourth quarters of 2026.
UAL’s adjusted diluted earnings per share guidance for the second quarter and full-year 2026 assumes the Gulf Coast jet forward curve as of April 17, 2026. Fuel remains highly volatile. If prices remain on a downward trend, UAL anticipates being in the upper half of the adjusted diluted earnings per share guidance range for each of the second quarter and full year 2026, and if fuel re-escalates, UAL anticipates being in the lower half of the adjusted diluted earnings per share for both the second quarter and full year.
Currently, UAL carries a Zacks Rank #4 (Sell).
You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
Delta Air Lines (DAL) reported first-quarter 2026 earnings (excluding $1.08 from non-recurring items) of 64 cents per share, which beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 61 cents. Earnings increased 39.1% on a year-over-year basis due to high labor costs. Adjusted revenues in the March-end quarter were $14.2 billion, beating the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $14 billion and increasing on a year-over-year basis.
J.B. Hunt Transport Services JBHT posted first-quarter 2026 earnings per share of $1.49, up 27% from $1.17 a year ago. The result topped the Zacks Consensus Estimate by $0.04, a 2.8% surprise.
Operating revenues totaled $3.06 billion, rising 4.6% year over year. Revenues beat the consensus mark of $2.94 billion, resulting in a 3.9% surprise, as demand proved resilient across several service offerings, led by Intermodal volume growth and higher revenue per load in select highway-related businesses.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
United Airlines Holdings Inc (UAL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. (JBHT) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio