Title: Do Options Traders Know Something About Caterpillar Stock We Don't_
Date: 2026-05-04 14:51
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/options/articles/options-traders-know-something-caterpillar-145100125.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
Investors in Caterpillar Inc. CAT need to pay close attention to the stock based on moves in the options market lately. That is because the May 15, 2026 $560 Call had some of the highest implied volatility of all equity options today.
Implied volatility shows how much movement the market is expecting in the future. Options with high levels of implied volatility suggest that investors in the underlying stocks are expecting a big move in one direction or the other. It could also mean there is an event coming up soon that may cause a big rally or a huge sell-off. However, implied volatility is only one piece of the puzzle when putting together an options trading strategy.
Clearly, options traders are pricing in a big move for Caterpillar shares, but what is the fundamental picture for the company? Currently, Caterpillar is a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) in the Manufacturing - Construction and Mining industry that ranks in the Bottom 12% of our Zacks Industry Rank. Over the last 30 days, three analysts have increased their earnings estimates for the current quarter, while two analysts have revised their estimates downward. The net effect has taken our Zacks Consensus Estimate for the current quarter from $5.66 per share to $5.70 in that period.Given the way analysts feel about Caterpillar right now, this huge implied volatility could mean there’s a trade developing. Oftentimes, options traders look for options with high levels of implied volatility to sell premium. This is a strategy many seasoned traders use because it captures decay. At expiration, the hope for these traders is that the underlying stock does not move as much as originally expected.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
