Title: Jim Cramer Continues to Use Chevron (CVX) as a Barometer
Date: 2026-05-04 16:17
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/jim-cramer-continues-chevron-cvx-161753870.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
We recently published
Jim Cramer Commented On Big Market Confusion & Discussed These 20 Stocks. Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) is one of the stocks discussed by Jim Cramer.
Oil giant Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX)’s shares are up by 37% over the past year and by 22% year-to-date. Scotiabank discussed the firm on April 22nd, as it raised the share price target to $187 from $168 and kept a Sector Perform rating on the stock. Its coverage came as part of a broader adjustment for the energy sector in the wake of the conflict in Iran. Within the sector, Scotiabank commented that while it was optimistic about exploration and production firms, it was less sure about independent producers. Cramer has also discussed Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) several times over the past couple of months. Before the conflict in Iran kicked off, the CNBC TV host was highly confident in CEO Mike Wirth and the firm’s exploration operations. Following the conflict, he repeatedly linked Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX)’s stock to investor sentiment about the war’s duration. In this appearance, Cramer maintained that watching stocks, instead of oil prices, was the key to investing:
“Now Chevron, this is why I thought that I didn’t understand that the price of crude was up so much. Chevron’s stock signalled the war when it went to 214, it’s now down to 191. Pay attention to the stocks, not the price of crude which is not the dispositive. And Chevron’s stock has been dispositive about what’s been dispositive about what’s been happening with the war.”
Photo by Luis Ramirez on Unsplash
While we acknowledge the potential of CVX as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock.
READ NEXT: 33 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Years and Cathie Wood 2026 Portfolio: 10 Best Stocks to Buy. 
Disclosure: None. Follow Insider Monkey on Google News.
