Title: 1 S&P 500 Stock to Research Further and 2 Facing Challenges
Date: 2026-05-19 21:56
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/1-p-500-stock-research-215655901.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results The Trump administration plans to invest $2 billion in quantum computing, expanding its broader push into strategic industries The Dow clinched a record high as stocks rebounded on optimism for a US-Iran peace deal US stocks turned higher as oil prices fell on hopes of a US-Iran peace deal Quantum stocks jump as Trump administration doles out $2 billion in exchange for equity US stocks fell as oil prices rose amid doubts about US-Iran peace talks The bond market's signal to the Fed: Interest rates should be higher SpaceX files IPO prospectus, offering a rare look at the company's finances Nvidia beats earnings estimates, gives upbeat outlook on strong chip sales The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq rallied as oil fell and Nvidia earnings were on deck The ChatGPT maker is reportedly preparing to file for an IPO in the coming weeks, with plans to go public as early as September Oil plunges as Trump says US in 'final stages' of Iran deal After an unsteady start, stocks gained as oil prices fell and a bond sell-off paused S&P 500, Nasdaq rise in countdown to Nvidia results The chip giant is set to report results Wednesday as its stock climbs higher and rivals close in. Here's what to expect. The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq fell as bond yields surged amid rate hike concerns Google unveils biggest update to Search in 25 years, including AI agents Trump traded over $50 million in Big Tech stocks last quarter, selling Tesla and buying more Apple, new ethics disclosure shows US stocks slid at the open as bond yields rose and tech stocks extended their retreat AI is likely to concentrate power among corporate giants and leave everyone else further behind, Goldman Sachs says The S&P 500 and Nasdaq slipped as chip stocks fell and investors weighed inflation fears Elon Musk loses trial against OpenAI There are 3 issues that appear little changed after Trump's China summit US stocks rise as yields climb amid inflation worries America's CEOs call out where food prices are rising The housing market is starting to look K-shaped, too Anthropic's shadow IPO market is already flashing trillion-dollar prices Investors eye Nvidia, bond yields, and the next commodity supercycle Wall Street sees bubble-like euphoria in AI-fueled semiconductor rally Should you buy Series I bonds as inflation heats up again? Travel is still on, but rising costs reshape summer vacation plans Executives are blaming layoffs on AI, but research shows AI is 'not the main driver' of US labor slowdown. Intel announces a multiyear partnership deal with McLaren's F1 racing team Here are the most anticipated IPOs in 2026 History's weirdest bubbles have a message for the AI trade Kevin Warsh is set to take over leading the Fed amid one of the most dynamic economic backdrops in modern history Trump’s 'insane amount of trades' astonish Wall Street insiders (Bloomberg) SpaceX accelerates IPO timeline, targets market debut as early as June 12 (Reuters) The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq sank as US bond yields jumped to end a volatile week on a downbeat note The 30-year Treasury yield just broke to its highest level in almost 20 years Nasdaq leads dive in US stocks, with yields jumping amid inflation jitters Cerebras soared on its market debut. Here's how the company plans to take on Nvidia with a new approach to chip technology. Stocks gained, with the Dow closing above 50,000 and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq notching fresh records Cerebras stock surged 100% within minutes of trading in what is expected to be 2026's biggest IPO The Dow retook 50,000 and the S&P 500 topped 7,500 as the AI trade lifted stocks US stocks rise as Nvidia jumps, Trump-Xi summit kicks off Xi Jinping tells US CEOs that 'China's door will only open wider' Micron wiped out roughly $100 billion in market value at Tuesday’s low — and chip bulls still bought the dip Tech stocks led the S&P 500 and Nasdaq to record highs, while the Dow slipped The US Senate confirmed Kevin Warsh as the new chairman of the Federal Reserve with a final vote of 54-45 The 10-year Treasury yield hovered just below 4.5% after hot inflation data, raising concerns stocks could come under pressure The S&P 500 (^GSPC) is home to the biggest and most well-known companies in the market, making it a go-to index for investors seeking stability. But not all large-cap stocks are created equal - some are struggling with slowing growth, declining margins, or increased competition. Picking the right S&P 500 stocks requires more than just buying big names, and that’s where StockStory comes in. That said, here is one S&P 500 stock that could deliver good returns and two that could be in trouble. How do these S&P 500 stocks compare on valuations? What challenges are affecting Darden's restaurant business? Why is Tesla facing execution and profitability concerns? Why is McDonald's considered a stock to watch? Market Cap: $22.44 billion Founded in 1968 as Red Lobster, Darden (NYSE:DRI) is a leading American restaurant company that owns and operates a portfolio of popular restaurant brands. Why Does DRI Fall Short? Large revenue base makes it harder to increase sales quickly, and its annual revenue growth of 6.1% over the last seven years was below our standards for the restaurant sector Lacking pricing power results in an inferior gross margin of 21.8% that must be offset by turning more tables Earnings growth underperformed the sector average over the last seven years as its EPS grew by just 9% annually Darden’s stock price of $195.38 implies a valuation ratio of 17.1x forward P/E.Dive into our free research report to see why there are better opportunities than DRI. Market Cap: $1.59 trillion Originally founded by Martin Eberhard and Marc Tarpenning in 2003, Tesla (NASDAQ:TSLA) is an electric vehicle company accelerating the world’s transition to sustainable energy. Why Do We Pass on TSLA? Tesla's scale advantage in EV production leads to gross margins that exceed incumbents such as General Motors and Ford. However, a softer macroeconomic backdrop and tariff pressures have weighed on automobile sales, which are highly cyclical. The company's execution ability is a question mark given its long history of delays, such as the Cybertruck and Robotaxi launches. Its sizeable investments in projects with uncertain return timelines, like Optimus, also raise skepticism from investors. On the bright side, Tesla's Megapack product solves a critical problem for utilities needing renewable energy storage solutions. This innovation has made the energy segment the most profitable and fastest-growing business line for the company. At $418.65 per share, Tesla trades at 206.1x forward price-to-earnings.If you’re considering TSLA for your portfolio, see our FREE research report to learn more. Market Cap: $196.4 billion With nicknames spanning Mickey D's in the U.S. to Makku in Japan, McDonald’s (NYSE:MCD) is a fast-food behemoth known for its convenience and broken ice cream machines. Why Could MCD Be a Winner? Aggressive expansion of new stores reflects an offensive push to quickly grow and sell in markets where it has few or no locations Highly-profitable franchise model results in strong unit economics and a best-in-class gross margin of 57.1% MCD is a free cash flow machine with the flexibility to invest in growth initiatives or return capital to shareholders McDonald's is trading at $276.70 per share, or 20.8x forward P/E. Is now the right time to buy?Find out in our full research report, it’s free. ALSO WORTH WATCHING: Top 5 Momentum Stocks.The best time to own a great stock is when the market is finally noticing it. These aren't just high-quality businesses. Something is happening with them right now. Elite fundamentals meeting near-term momentum - both boxes checked at the same time. Find out which stocks our AI platform is flagging this week. See this week's Strong Momentum stocks - FREE.Get Our Strong Momentum Stocks for Free HERE. Stocks that made our list in 2020 include now familiar names such as Nvidia (+1,326% between June 2020 and June 2025) as well as under-the-radar businesses like the once-small-cap company Exlservice (+354% five-year return).Find your next big winner with StockStory today. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
