Title: AI Job Destruction Is Coming, Another CEO Says
Date: 2026-05-19 15:48
URL: https://247wallst.com/investing/2026/05/19/ai-job-destruction-is-coming-another-ceo-says/?.tsrc=rss
Content: Investing Low Level, High Skilled Jobs Low Paid Hourly Workers AI Job Losses Will Be Huge The analyst who called NVIDIA in 2010 just named his top 10 stocks and McDonald's wasn't one of them.Get them here FREE. Sending You to Google News in3 © Melnikov Dmitriy / Shutterstock.com  Most Americans have never heard of Standard Chartered Plc. It is one of the 30 largest banks in the world, after the Chinese banks pulled out. Its CEO, Bill Winters, made the point, as some of his colleagues in the financial industry have, that job losses at his bank will be in the thousands or tens of thousands due to AI. Among bank executives, it is close to a chorus His comments about the employees involved are highly insulting. He called them “lower-value human capital,”according to Bloomberg. He described a plan under which 15% of Standard Chartered’s support staff will be gone in less than five years. Bloomberg calculates that the bank has 52,000 people who fit this description. And his assessment was nothing short of brutal. At a conference he said, “It’s not cost cutting; it’s replacing in some cases lower-value human capital with the financial capital and the investment capital we’re putting in,” Nevertheless, the people fired are human. There are two schools of thought about AI’s effects on jobs. And within one of these, there are two more. The first case is that AI will make more products and somehow add people to the workforce. The arguments for this are usually less than convincing. The cases for job losses fall into separate parts. One is that well-educated people will not find jobs at well-paying companies. This includes financial firms, banks, and large consulting firms. One example of this is job cuts at McKinsey, the world’s leading consultancy. AI can do what low-level analysts can do, even if those analysts graduate from Harvard Business School. The other part of the job cut argument is that the most poorly paid jobs in America will be eliminated. People who work the floors at Walmart (NYSE: WMT|WMT Price Prediction) will be replaced by AI-driven robots. These can find people’s merchandise and act as cashiers. This include a retail sector that employs millions of people. The sector is led by McDonald’s (NYSE MCD) and Walmart, but it is much larger than those. Although his comments are cruel, Winters sees a future in which he can make more money, as long as he fires enough people. Douglas A. McIntyre is the co-founder, chief executive officer and editor in chief of 24/7 Wall St. and 24/7 Tempo. He has held these jobs since 2006. McIntyre has written thousands of articles for 24/7 Wall St. He is an expert on corporate finance, the automotive industry, media companies and international finance. He has edited articles on national demographics, sports, personal income and travel. His work has been quoted or mentioned in The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal, Los Angeles Times, The Washington Post, NBC News, Time, The New Yorker, HuffPost USA Today, Business Insider, Yahoo, AOL, MarketWatch, The Atlantic, Bloomberg, New York Post, Chicago Tribune, Forbes, The Guardian and many other major publications. McIntyre has been a guest on CNBC, the BBC and television and radio stations across the country. A magna cum laude graduate of Harvard College, McIntyre also was president of The Harvard Advocate. Founded in 1866, the Advocate is the oldest college publication in the United States. TheStreet.com, Comps.com and Edgar Online are some of the public companies for which McIntyre served on the board of directors. He was a Vicinity Corporation board member when the company was sold to Microsoft in 2002. He served on the audit committees of some of these companies. McIntyre has been the CEO of FutureSource, a provider of trading terminals and news to commodities and futures traders. He was president of Switchboard, the online phone directory company. He served as chairman and CEO of On2 Technologies, the video compression company that provided video compression software for Adobe’s Flash. Google bought On2 in 2009. Our top personal finance-related articles today. Your wallet will thank you later. These three financial stocks that look good now. They combine solid fundamentals with outstanding technical patterns. The European Union may kill the huge Bayer and Monsanto merger, Verizon launched new pricing plans for mobile subscribers and… There are several grim assessments about how many jobs AI will eliminate in America. Large consulting firms say they will… by Jesse Eisinger, ProPublica, March 30, 2011, 4:26 p.m.March 16, 2011 The United States and Britain are two countries separated… Several prominent bank analysts came out with statements yesterday saying that the largest US financial firms would post more heavy… Almost three-quarters of investors (74%) expect A.I. will help financial advisors better serve their clients, and nearly two-thirds of those… A sell-off of major bank stocks and sovereign securities makes it likely that France and Germany will determine the short-term… Standard Chartered continues to seek an agreement with the U.S. government to settle money laundering charges. (Reuters) The new Samsung… Secretary Geithner has been late to every party he has attended since talking over Treasury. His plans have often been…
