Title: Arcos Dorados revenue increases 12.9% to $1.21bn in Q1 2026
Date: 2026-05-21 11:51
URL: https://www.verdictfoodservice.com/news/arcos-dorados-revenue-increases-q1-2026/?.tsrc=rss
Content: Arcos Dorados added 19 new restaurants in the region during the first quarter of 2026. Arcos Dorados, which operates McDonald’s restaurants in Latin America and the Caribbean, reported total revenue of $1.21bn in the first quarter (Q1) of 2026. The figure represents a 12.9% year-on-year (YoY) increase compared to $1.07bn recorded in Q1 2025. The gold standard of business intelligence. Find out more Combine business intelligence and editorial excellence to reach engaged professionals across 36 leading media platforms. Find out more In the three months to 31 March 2026, net income attributable to the company was $36.1m, up from $13.9m in the same quarter last year. Arcos Dorados’ consolidated net income margin improved to 3.0%, up 170 basis points on a YoY basis. In Q1 2026, the company’s systemwide comparable sales grew by 16%, which the company said supported “strong market share performance” across the business. Consolidated adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) during the latest quarter reached $118m, representing a 29.3% YoY growth. Overall, Arcos Dorados added 19 new restaurants in the region during the quarter. Arcos Dorados CEO Luis Raganato said: “Arcos Dorados has consistently added to its leading market share position and strengthened the McDonald’s Brand across our operating footprint over the last several years. “In fact, taking 2019 as the base, through the end of 2025: total revenue grew almost 60%, Adjusted EBITDA nearly doubled, and net income was up more than 2.5×, in US dollars. “Our objective for the coming years is to build on this incredible foundation and continue to capitalise on the significant competitive advantages we have built over the period. “We are pursuing strategies that capitalise on the brand to monetise the significant market share advantage we hold in the region.” Arcos Dorados holds exclusive rights to own, run and franchise McDonald’s restaurants across 21 countries and territories. The network includes more than 2,500 restaurants, including outlets operated by sub-franchisees.  The gold standard of business intelligence. Find out more Experience unmatched clarity with a single platform that combines unique data, AI, and human expertise. Find out more Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights.  Visit ourPrivacy Policyfor more information about our services, how we may use, process and share your personal data, including information on your rights in respect of your personal data and how you can unsubscribe from future marketing communications. Our services are intended for corporate subscribers and you warrant that the email address submitted is your corporate email address. View all newslettersfrom across the GlobalData Media network. The leading site for news and procurement in the foodservice industry Powered by © GlobalData Plc 2026 These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. 
