Title: Walmart Flags Higher Fuel Costs Eroding Retailer’s Earnings
Date: 2026-05-21 16:39
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/economy/articles/walmart-flags-higher-fuel-costs-133726853.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results The Trump administration plans to invest $2 billion in quantum computing, expanding its broader push into strategic industries The Dow clinched a record high as stocks rebounded on optimism for a US-Iran peace deal US stocks turned higher as oil prices fell on hopes of a US-Iran peace deal Quantum stocks jump as Trump administration doles out $2 billion in exchange for equity US stocks fell as oil prices rose amid doubts about US-Iran peace talks The bond market's signal to the Fed: Interest rates should be higher SpaceX files IPO prospectus, offering a rare look at the company's finances Nvidia beats earnings estimates, gives upbeat outlook on strong chip sales The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq rallied as oil fell and Nvidia earnings were on deck The ChatGPT maker is reportedly preparing to file for an IPO in the coming weeks, with plans to go public as early as September Oil plunges as Trump says US in 'final stages' of Iran deal After an unsteady start, stocks gained as oil prices fell and a bond sell-off paused S&P 500, Nasdaq rise in countdown to Nvidia results The chip giant is set to report results Wednesday as its stock climbs higher and rivals close in. Here's what to expect. The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq fell as bond yields surged amid rate hike concerns Google unveils biggest update to Search in 25 years, including AI agents Trump traded over $50 million in Big Tech stocks last quarter, selling Tesla and buying more Apple, new ethics disclosure shows US stocks slid at the open as bond yields rose and tech stocks extended their retreat AI is likely to concentrate power among corporate giants and leave everyone else further behind, Goldman Sachs says The S&P 500 and Nasdaq slipped as chip stocks fell and investors weighed inflation fears Elon Musk loses trial against OpenAI There are 3 issues that appear little changed after Trump's China summit US stocks rise as yields climb amid inflation worries America's CEOs call out where food prices are rising The housing market is starting to look K-shaped, too Anthropic's shadow IPO market is already flashing trillion-dollar prices Investors eye Nvidia, bond yields, and the next commodity supercycle Wall Street sees bubble-like euphoria in AI-fueled semiconductor rally Should you buy Series I bonds as inflation heats up again? Travel is still on, but rising costs reshape summer vacation plans Executives are blaming layoffs on AI, but research shows AI is 'not the main driver' of US labor slowdown. Intel announces a multiyear partnership deal with McLaren's F1 racing team Here are the most anticipated IPOs in 2026 History's weirdest bubbles have a message for the AI trade Kevin Warsh is set to take over leading the Fed amid one of the most dynamic economic backdrops in modern history Trump’s 'insane amount of trades' astonish Wall Street insiders (Bloomberg) SpaceX accelerates IPO timeline, targets market debut as early as June 12 (Reuters) The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq sank as US bond yields jumped to end a volatile week on a downbeat note The 30-year Treasury yield just broke to its highest level in almost 20 years Nasdaq leads dive in US stocks, with yields jumping amid inflation jitters Cerebras soared on its market debut. Here's how the company plans to take on Nvidia with a new approach to chip technology. Stocks gained, with the Dow closing above 50,000 and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq notching fresh records Cerebras stock surged 100% within minutes of trading in what is expected to be 2026's biggest IPO The Dow retook 50,000 and the S&P 500 topped 7,500 as the AI trade lifted stocks US stocks rise as Nvidia jumps, Trump-Xi summit kicks off Xi Jinping tells US CEOs that 'China's door will only open wider' Micron wiped out roughly $100 billion in market value at Tuesday’s low — and chip bulls still bought the dip Tech stocks led the S&P 500 and Nasdaq to record highs, while the Dow slipped The US Senate confirmed Kevin Warsh as the new chairman of the Federal Reserve with a final vote of 54-45 The 10-year Treasury yield hovered just below 4.5% after hot inflation data, raising concerns stocks could come under pressure (Bloomberg) -- Walmart Inc. warned rising fuel costs are squeezing the company’s bottom line and could lead to higher prices for shoppers. Most Read from Bloomberg Spot the Difference: Putin Gets Trump Treatment From Xi in China Iran Says the US’s Latest Proposal Has ‘Narrowed the Gaps’ Modi’s Toffee Gift to Meloni Ignites Rally in Wrong Indian Stock Iran in Talks With Oman Over Permanent Hormuz Toll System Dow Average Climbs to Record on US-Iran Deal Hopes: Markets Wrap The world’s largest retailer said comparable sales in US stores, excluding fuel, rose 4.1% in the latest quarter, slightly better than what Wall Street analysts were expecting. It also forecast adjusted profit for the second quarter that missed expectations. The mixed results show that the company continues to gain market share across income levels with its focus on low prices, fast delivery and wide assortment. But that emphasis on affordability is facing pressure as inflation accelerates and the conflict in Iran drives up fuel prices. Walmart shares fell as much as 8% on Thursday, the steepest intraday drop since November 2023. The stock had risen 17% so far this year as of Wednesday’s close. Shares of some of Walmart’s peers, including Target and Kroger, also fell in regular trading on Thursday. “The high-income consumer is spending with confidence in many categories, whereas the low-income consumer, we can tell, is more budget-conscious, trying to navigate certain financial distress,” Chief Financial Officer John David Rainey said in an interview with Bloomberg News. Walmart is viewed as an economic barometer due to its large size and footprint across the US and other markets. Spending has largely held up in recent years, although consumers have become increasingly selective with their purchases. Good deals and unique products can still attract buyers. Additionally, higher tax refunds this year have given families some extra cash, but this benefit is expected to fade. As fuel prices pressure consumers’ budgets, they’re putting less gas in their tanks, with the number of gallons per pump falling below 10 for the first time since 2022. If fuel costs stay at current levels, prices across the board could rise in the second quarter and the second half of the year, Rainey said. Walmart’s prices rose about 1.2% during the last quarter. Fuel weighed on Walmart’s profit margin, with the company absorbing “virtually the entirety” of the increases during the period, Rainey said. This suggests that the retailer is sacrificing some earnings in the near term to keep prices low and competitive — an effort that it said it would continue to prioritize. The number of discounts rose 20% from a year ago. “It’s tough on very short notice to be able to navigate a cost headwind like that,” he said. While Walmart will be able to manage through it, he expects to see an equal or larger challenge related to fuel in the current quarter. Jacob Aiken-Phillips, an analyst at Melius Research, said Walmart’s shares are falling in part because of a “super high” bar from investors and a lofty valuation. There’s also concern that pressure on profitability is going to increase in the second half of the year as the retailer works to keep prices low. Heightened competition from the likes of Kroger Co. and Albertsons Cos. could add to challenges, he added. Sales Slowdown During the quarter, sales slowed somewhat in April after the Easter holiday. An increase in tax refunds likely muted the impact of rising gas prices, though that’s abating. A higher numbers of units sold and transactions drove sales increase. US e-commerce sales rose 26% during the quarter, fueling growth in the company’s biggest market. The company can now deliver to 60% of the US population within 30 minutes. Fashion, which has been a standout category, is helping lift sales of related areas like home and beauty. The company is seeking to sharpen its focus on general merchandise offerings, which include apparel, electronics and other discretionary categories and generated the highest share gains in five years. Walmart’s narrative echoes commentary from big-box peers Target Corp. and Home Depot Inc., which both signaled this week that consumers are staying resilient. Kraft Heinz Co., McDonald’s Corp. and other companies have struck a more cautious tone. The past year has been a roller coaster for consumer-facing companies, first with President Trump’s expansive, on-off tariffs, that in some cases roiled operations, and now with the ongoing geopolitical conflicts threatening to dampen demand. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based retailer has said it seeks to gain market share during challenging economic times by focusing on value and essentials like groceries. Delivery and other online services have expanded Walmart’s base of clients to include wealthier shoppers. Advertising and other businesses are also contributing to profit growth and giving Walmart more room to further invest in lowering prices and improving store operations. In particular, fast deliveries have been a growth engine, and the company’s efforts to make inroads into the fashion market are gaining traction. The retailer has also expanded the selection of merchandise on its marketplace of third-party vendors. (Adds quote from analyst) Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek College Kids Don’t Want Your AI Courts Are Swamped With AI-Powered Do-It-Yourself Lawsuits Blame YouTube, Not Just Trump, for the End of Colbert’s Late Show ICE Raids Did Lasting Damage to American Businesses Been Sanctioned by the US Government? There’s a Guy for That ©2026 Bloomberg L.P. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
