Title: Buy Beaten-Down CMG Stock Now for Value, Growth, and 100% Upside
Date: 2026-05-20 18:19
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/buy-beaten-down-cmg-stock-181900204.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results The Trump administration plans to invest $2 billion in quantum computing, expanding its broader push into strategic industries The Dow clinched a record high as stocks rebounded on optimism for a US-Iran peace deal US stocks turned higher as oil prices fell on hopes of a US-Iran peace deal Quantum stocks jump as Trump administration doles out $2 billion in exchange for equity US stocks fell as oil prices rose amid doubts about US-Iran peace talks The bond market's signal to the Fed: Interest rates should be higher SpaceX files IPO prospectus, offering a rare look at the company's finances Nvidia beats earnings estimates, gives upbeat outlook on strong chip sales The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq rallied as oil fell and Nvidia earnings were on deck The ChatGPT maker is reportedly preparing to file for an IPO in the coming weeks, with plans to go public as early as September Oil plunges as Trump says US in 'final stages' of Iran deal After an unsteady start, stocks gained as oil prices fell and a bond sell-off paused S&P 500, Nasdaq rise in countdown to Nvidia results The chip giant is set to report results Wednesday as its stock climbs higher and rivals close in. Here's what to expect. The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq fell as bond yields surged amid rate hike concerns Google unveils biggest update to Search in 25 years, including AI agents Trump traded over $50 million in Big Tech stocks last quarter, selling Tesla and buying more Apple, new ethics disclosure shows US stocks slid at the open as bond yields rose and tech stocks extended their retreat AI is likely to concentrate power among corporate giants and leave everyone else further behind, Goldman Sachs says The S&P 500 and Nasdaq slipped as chip stocks fell and investors weighed inflation fears Elon Musk loses trial against OpenAI There are 3 issues that appear little changed after Trump's China summit US stocks rise as yields climb amid inflation worries America's CEOs call out where food prices are rising The housing market is starting to look K-shaped, too Anthropic's shadow IPO market is already flashing trillion-dollar prices Investors eye Nvidia, bond yields, and the next commodity supercycle Wall Street sees bubble-like euphoria in AI-fueled semiconductor rally Should you buy Series I bonds as inflation heats up again? Travel is still on, but rising costs reshape summer vacation plans Executives are blaming layoffs on AI, but research shows AI is 'not the main driver' of US labor slowdown. Intel announces a multiyear partnership deal with McLaren's F1 racing team Here are the most anticipated IPOs in 2026 History's weirdest bubbles have a message for the AI trade Kevin Warsh is set to take over leading the Fed amid one of the most dynamic economic backdrops in modern history Trump’s 'insane amount of trades' astonish Wall Street insiders (Bloomberg) SpaceX accelerates IPO timeline, targets market debut as early as June 12 (Reuters) The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq sank as US bond yields jumped to end a volatile week on a downbeat note The 30-year Treasury yield just broke to its highest level in almost 20 years Nasdaq leads dive in US stocks, with yields jumping amid inflation jitters Cerebras soared on its market debut. Here's how the company plans to take on Nvidia with a new approach to chip technology. Stocks gained, with the Dow closing above 50,000 and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq notching fresh records Cerebras stock surged 100% within minutes of trading in what is expected to be 2026's biggest IPO The Dow retook 50,000 and the S&P 500 topped 7,500 as the AI trade lifted stocks US stocks rise as Nvidia jumps, Trump-Xi summit kicks off Xi Jinping tells US CEOs that 'China's door will only open wider' Micron wiped out roughly $100 billion in market value at Tuesday’s low — and chip bulls still bought the dip Tech stocks led the S&P 500 and Nasdaq to record highs, while the Dow slipped The US Senate confirmed Kevin Warsh as the new chairman of the Federal Reserve with a final vote of 54-45 The 10-year Treasury yield hovered just below 4.5% after hot inflation data, raising concerns stocks could come under pressure Fast casual restaurant standoutChipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (CMG)stock has tanked 50% from its 2024 highs after a rough 2025 saw its same-store sales dip -1.7% YoY—its first drop in over 20 years. Chipotle launched a turnaround plan earlier this year to win back more of its core customers, who are being hit hard by inflation and a difficult economic backdrop. It is also worth noting that CMG is coming off a massive stretch of top- and bottom-line growth that was always going to be difficult to compete against. CMG is projected to expand its same-store sales in 2026 and post strong revenue growth in 2026 and 2027. Its earnings are projected to dip slightly this year, before bouncing back in a big way next year. CMG is trying to find support at some key technical levels, and its average Zacks price target marks 34% upside from Wednesday’s levels. On top of that, Chipotle stock offers 100% upside if it returns to its peaks. Chipotle helped kick off the fast-casual restaurant craze, inspiring many others to enter the space in the shifting dining landscape. The burrito giant exploded in popularity due to its simple, consistent menu made with fresh and quality ingredients. The company ended the first quarter of 2026 with roughly 4,090 locations, up from 3,781 in the year-ago period. Chipotle operates a vast majority of its restaurants in the U.S., with a growing footprint in Canada. The fast-casual burrito chain benefited from its successful push into mobile ordering, delivery, and other digital-focused initiatives. And it is currently working on expanding its further beyond North America to try to become a "global iconic brand." Image Source: Zacks Investment Research Chipotle doubled its revenue between 2020 and 2025, highlighted by three years in a row of ~14% YoY revenue growth between 2022 and 2024 after blockbuster 26% YoY expansion during the post-covid lockdown euphoria of 2021. CMG also grew its GAAP earnings by over 350% between 2020 ($0.25 a share) and 2025 ($1.14 a share). Its comp sales declined  -1.7% in 2025as its core customers cut back amid lingering inflation, increased fast casual competition, and other headwinds (this also came against four years of between 7% and 19% YoY same-store growth). The burrito chain launched a turnaround plan earlier this year focused on regaining its value proposition, recommitting to the highest level of ingredient standards and portion sizes, and more. Its five-part "Recipe for Growth" strategy includes “protecting and strengthening the core by driving operational and culinary excellence to deliver exceptional value for our guests.” Image Source: Zacks Investment Research On top of that, it is focused on “accelerating menu innovations… expanding its global reach by scaling with intention through proven, company-owned and partner-operated markets, as well as strategic new regions,” and more. Chipotle in April launched an updated version of its rewards program to encourage its core customers to return, especially Gen Z and Millennials. Investors should also keep in mind that CMG still offers a great value proposition compared to the likes of McDonald’sMCDand others, as their prices surge. On top of that, Chipotle sells fresh, relatively healthy meals that are unlikely to go out of style, especially as more people focus on their health. CMG increased its comparable restaurant sales by 0.5% in the first quarter of 2026. Looking ahead, it is projected to expand its same-store sales by 1.1% in 2026, based on Zacks Key Company Metric estimates. Image Source: Zacks Investment Research Overall, it is projected to grow its revenue by 8.4% in 2026 (topping 2025’s 5.4%) and another 11% next year to reach $14.34 billion. Its adjusted earnings per share (EPS) are expected to dip 3.4% this year (its first decline since 2020), before bouncing back and climbing 20% in 2027 to new highs. The chart above highlights its strong long-term earnings growth outlook, helping cement its bull case. Chipotle stock skyrocketed roughly 2,750% in the past 20 years to blow away its industry’s 380%, the S&P 500’s 540%, andMcDonald’s 745%.Its 50% drop from its 2024 highs has it trading where it was throughout most of 2021 and 2022. Image Source: Zacks Investment Research CMG has found support near the key range above over the last year, while trading at some of its most oversold RSI levels in the past 20 years. Its downturn, mixed with its strong earnings outlook, has it trading at its lowest forward earnings multiples in the past 15 years, with 2008/2009 the only time it traded lower. Image Source: Zacks Investment Research Chipotle is trading 70% below its highs, 32% below its 20-year median, and not too far above its industry (when factoring in its massive outperformance) at 27.2X forward 12-month earnings. Its 2024 stock split helps its trade at roughly $33 a share, which might make it more attractive to some. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report McDonald's Corporation (MCD) : Free Stock Analysis Report Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (CMG) : Free Stock Analysis Report This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com). Zacks Investment Research Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
