Title: McDonald's is getting eaten alive by revamped Burger King Whopper
Date: 2026-04-06 16:54
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/mcdonalds-is-getting-eaten-alive-by-revamped-burger-king-whopper-155430561.html?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian.
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
Nike set the stage for a turnaround, but global events keep getting in its way
Burger King looks to be packing on the sales, while the register at McDonald's (MCD) may be a tad slimmer.
"We believe the war and rising gas prices are partly to blame [for slowing McDonald's sales], contributing to overall US same-store sales growth slowing from 3% in early March to flat year over year in the last three weeks," Evercore ISI restaurant analyst David Palmer wrote in a new note. "That said, it is also true that McDonald's has been underperforming peers such as Burger King in the wake of viral 'CEO burger-bites' videos and the subsequent taste tests of the Whopper vs. the Big Arch burger."
Palmer added, "During McDonald's US slowdown, we believe breakfast — perhaps a more discretionary day-part when consumers feel pressure on discretionary income — has been particularly weak."
A new fast food burger battle erupted on social media in early March, and McDonald's CEO Chris Kempczinski led the way, going viral in a promotional video where he tried the company's new Big Arch burger. The clip was widely mocked for his seemingly hesitant approach to eating the burger, taking an unusually small, delicate bite and repeatedly referring to the burger as a "product."
Capitalizing on the backlash, Burger King US and Canada president Tom Curtis released a TikTok video three days later. It featured him taking an enthusiastic bite of a Whopper and joking that the only thing missing was a "napkin."
Curtis' viral moment also shed light on the revamped Whopper, which has long been the company's answer to McD's Big Mac.
Burger King made several subtle but meaningful changes to its Whopper for the first time in nearly a decade. The updated burger now features a more premium, better-tasting bun and a reformulated, creamier mayonnaise. Toppings like lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and pickles are prepared to taste fresher and be stacked more neatly.
Another major change is the packaging: Instead of being wrapped in paper, the burger is now served in a box to prevent it from getting squished and to maintain its presentation.
McDonald's stock is down 6% in the past month, lagging the 6% gain for Burger King parent company Restaurant Brands (QSR).
Burger King's momentum versus McDonald's is about to be tested.
McDonald's will soon introduce its much-hyped new value menu and a new line of drinks, including a creamy vanilla cold brew coffee. The value menu — hitting stores April 21 — will offer a range of items under $3.
"US franchisees have unanimously approved the McValue menu (coming on April 21) and nationally featuring a $2.50 McDouble and $1.50 Sausage McMuffin for a limited time," Evercore ISI's Palmer wrote. "This menu — similar to Taco Bell's successful Luxe Menu — is designed to provide low entry price items on an a la carte basis (unbundled). This may help address McDonald’s traffic issues with low income consumers."
"In our view, McDonald's new value strategy is not a 'game changer' for competitors with momentum like Restaurant Brands' Burger King or Yum! Brands' (YUM) Taco Bell," he added. "However, we believe it will help McDonald's traffic over time, especially when combined with other initiatives."
Brian Sozziis Yahoo Finance's Executive Editor and a member of Yahoo Finance's editorial leadership team. Follow Sozzi on X@BrianSozzi,Instagram, andLinkedIn. Tips on stories? Email brian.sozzi@yahoofinance.com.
Click here for in-depth analysis of the latest stock market news and events moving stock prices
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio