Title: ‘The Jig Is Up’_ 70% Crash Marks Quick End to Avis Short Squeeze
Date: 2026-04-24 20:18
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/jig-70-crash-marks-quick-201851569.html?.tsrc=rss

(Bloomberg) -- The speculative mania around Avis Budget Group Inc. erupted quickly. It collapsed even faster. Most Read from Bloomberg The Billion-Barrel Hormuz Oil Shock Is About to Crash Demand Gunman Detained, Trump Evacuated After Shooting at Press Dinner Trump Scraps US Trip for Iran Talks, Leaving Ceasefire in Limbo Google Plans to Invest Up to $40 Billion in Anthropic The Hottest Phone for Kids Right Now Is a $100 Landline In just two days, with no clear cause, the car-rental company’s stock cratered so deeply that it wiped out all but a sliver of its 600% surge over the previous month. “You typically don’t see stocks like these swing this way,” said Steve Sosnick, chief strategist at Interactive Brokers. “It was such a strong move, in such a short time — that, too, in a household name like Avis.” The sharp rise was, by all accounts, a classic short squeeze, in which the hordes of investors who’d sold borrowed Avis shares, betting they’d drop, suddenly started racing to close out those positions by buying them back. As others held onto their stock, making the supply relatively scarce, the price soared. What caused the sudden and violent reversal — sending the stock plunging nearly 70% on Wednesday and Thursday alone — is much less clear. But to many traders and investors, including those who bet against Avis and made money when it crashed, it always seemed inevitable that it would end this way. The stock price had gotten clearly untethered from the company’s fundamentals. And unlike the similar jumps in meme-stocks like GameStop Corp. or AMC Entertainment Holdings Inc., there was no small army of day traders intent on keeping it going. Then late on Wednesday, after the first leg down, Avis announced that it would report its first-quarter earnings on April 29, ahead of an expected early-to-mid May date. That ignited speculation that Avis was planning to seize on the jump to raise money by selling stock, which turbocharged the selloff. Avis in late March filed for a so-called “at-the-market” offering, which allows for open-market sales at prevailing prices, for up to 5 million shares, though it has not disclosed selling any yet. Avis didn’t respond to requests for comment. “Once they say they’re announcing earnings, you know they’re going to try and issue stock,” said Vikram Rai, a portfolio manager and macro trader at First New York who started shorting Avis’s stock last week. “Now everybody knows the jig is up. They’re going to come and dilute the existing shareholders, and if there’s more volume in the market, the short squeeze is over.”