Title: White House Sends Team to Pakistan as Iran Balks at Talks
Date: 2026-04-24 19:02
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/economy/policy/articles/white-house-sends-team-pakistan-174713452.html?.tsrc=rss

(Bloomberg) -- President Donald Trump will send envoys to Pakistan with the intention of meeting with Iranian officials, while Tehran sounded a pessimistic tone on the prospects for talks to end the eight-week war roiling the global economy. Most Read from Bloomberg The Billion-Barrel Hormuz Oil Shock Is About to Crash Demand Google Plans to Invest Up to $40 Billion in Anthropic Trump Scraps US Trip for Iran Talks, Leaving Ceasefire in Limbo US Reduces Marijuana Restrictions in Lift to Ailing Industry Meta Tells Staff It Will Cut 10% of Jobs in Push for Efficiency Special envoy Steve Witkoff and the president’s son-in-law Jared Kushner are set to depart Saturday for talks this weekend, White House Press Secretary Karoline Leavitt said in a Fox News interview on Friday. The New York Times reported that Iranian Foreign Minister Abbas Araghchi plans to meet with Witkoff and Kushner in Islamabad, citing unnamed Iranian officials. The foreign minister intends to present a written response to a US peace proposal, according to the paper. Araghchi hasn’t publicly said he plans to meet with American representatives, and Iranian state media had reported earlier that he didn’t plan to sit down with US officials during his trip. Araghchi earlier posted on social media that the purpose of his travel is to consult with partners on bilateral matters. Still, Leavitt claimed the Iranians had reached out to the US to arrange the fresh round of talks. “We’re hopeful that it will be a productive conversation and hopefully move the ball forwards towards a deal,” Leavitt said on Fox. She later told reporters that the US has “certainly seen some progress from the Iranian side in the past couple of days,” without elaborating. Vice President JD Vance, the lead negotiator for the US, will not be headed to Pakistan for now, she said. “Everybody will be on standby to fly to Pakistan if necessary,” she added. “The president is dispatching Steve and Jared to see what they have to say.” Investors have scrutinized signals from each delegation as they weigh prospects for a reopening of the vital Strait of Hormuz. Friday’s developments put the S&P 500 on track for its longest weekly advance since 2024, and US crude dropped below $94. The developments came as the US increased pressure on Iran with its naval blockade, seeking to get Tehran to agree to talks, while Israel and Lebanon are set to extend a ceasefire for three weeks. Trump ordered the US Navy to shoot any boat putting mines in the Strait of Hormuz, after the military intercepted two oil supertankers that tried to evade restrictions on traffic to and from Iran’s ports.