Title:   Analysts Positive on Western Digital (WDC) as AI Boosts Memory Demand
Date:    2026-04-14
URL:     https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/analysts-positive-western-digital-wdc-202236801.html?.tsrc=rss
--Article Content--
Oops, something went wrong
Western Digital Corporation (NASDAQ:WDC) is one of the10 Best Performing AI Stocks to Buy. On March 31, Bernstein upgraded its rating on Western Digital Corporation (NASDAQ:WDC) from Market Perform to Outperform and raised its price target on the stock from $170 to $340.
Bernstein noted that memory and hard disk drive stocks have seen a significant sell-off due to concerns linked to Google’s TurboQuant report. However, the research firm believes that TurboQuant will have “zero impact” on hard disk drive demand and “negligible impact” on NAND demand. Bernstein also pointed to Western Digital Corporation’s (NASDAQ:WDC) innovation day as evidence of a strong product roadmap.
Earlier, on March 23, Wedbush said that AI demand is now strong enough to significantly increase memory prices. The firm expects DRAM prices to rise by around 130% to 150% from Q4 2025 levels in the first half of the year, with NAND prices also expected to not be far behind.
Wedbush explained that the situation is driven by tight supply and accelerating demand from AI infrastructure. The firm said that Western Digital Corporation (NASDAQ:WDC) is likely to benefit from these trends, as hard disk drive vendors are expected to push for more aggressive pricing in future contracts.
Western Digital Corporation (NASDAQ:WDC) is an American company that manufactures hard disk drives and other data storage products.
While we acknowledge the potential of WDC as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on thebest short-term AI stock.
READ NEXT:10 Best Performing Blue Chip Stocks to Buyand10 Best Performing Stocks of Q1 2026 to Watch for Q2.
Disclosure: None.Follow Insider Monkey on Google News.