Title: The Coming 2026 Growth Surge (& How to Ride it)
Date: 2026-04-08 20:32
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/coming-2026-growth-surge-ride-203200738.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian. 
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
Nike set the stage for a turnaround, but global events keep getting in its way
Bank of America rips up its economic forecasts as it braces for $100 oil all year on Iran war disruptions
When it comes to stock market investing, there are countless ways to “skin the cat” and achieve trading profitability. Investors like Whale Rock Capital Management’s Alex Sacerdote focus on finding and investing in growth and technology stocks. Meanwhile, investors like Warren Buffett seek value stocks, which typically sport low valuations, steady businesses, and are eager to return cash to shareholders through dividends or stock buybacks.
Although elite investors like Sacerdote and Buffett outperform their benchmarks in the long term, short-term performance is beholden to the market environment. For instance, Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway largely missed out on the internet boom of the late 1990s, as few stocks at the time were unprofitable and overvalued, disagreeing with the company’s circle of competence. However, Buffett and Berkshire would dominate the post-dot-com bubble burst market, where value names were in favor.
Warren Buffett is an excellent example of the power of flexibility and having an open mind. For decades, Buffett avoided investing in tech stocks because he saw them as less predictable than steady and easy-to-understand businesses like Coca-Cola (KO). However, in 2016, Berkshire Hathaway purchased Apple (AAPL). Although AAPL is a tech stock, it still holds the brand strength, predictability, valuation, and cash flow that Buffett looks for. The Berkshire investment in AAPL would ultimately result in a windfall of $120 billion.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Although the story of the first part of 2026 on Wall Street is uncertainty, volatility, and headline risk, the market is setting up for one of the best environments I have witnessed in my investing career. With each passing day, it’s becoming abundantly clear that artificial intelligence is a generational innovation. For instance, after its launch in 2022, OpenAI’s ChatGPT became the fastest-growing consumer application in history. Meanwhile, Anthropic, which was founded in 2021, is generating $30 billion in run-rate revenue, up from $9 billion at the end of 2025.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Although OpenAI and Anthropic are not yet publicly traded, there are plenty of publicly traded stocks that investors can take advantage of. Better yet, unlike the internet bubble of the late 1990s, many growth stocks are already profitable and have reasonable valuations. For example, despite its multi-year advance, NVIDIA (NVDA) has its lowest forward P/E ratio in more than 5 years!
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Below are 5 attributes that investors should seek when investing in growth stocks:
1.      Momentum: George Soros famously said that he prefers to “Invest, then investigate.” In other words, the bullish supply-and-demand dynamics tell the fundamental story. While most money managers research a position for weeks and often miss a move, Soros buys a company based on the price action and then builds his conviction and position in the stock by investigating the fundamentals later (if it moves in his favor). Robust price and volume action is the single biggest clue of a winning growth stock. Sandisk (SNDK) is a 2026 example of robust price and volume action.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
2.      Liquidity, High Growth & Visibility: Institutional investors have the deepest pockets on Wall Street and thus are the key drivers of stock prices. These investors seek the rare combination of liquidity (due to their sheer size, liquidity is a non-negotiable), growth, and predictability. Leading growth stock Micron (MU) is a perfect example of what institutional investors seek. The company is sold out of its entire High Bandwidth Memory production for 2026, trades nearly 40 million shares per day, and is growing earnings at a triple-digit clip. This combination is rare but powerful.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
3.      Bullish Catalysts: Wall Street is a discounting mechanism for the future. Thus, when future earnings are unexpectedly projected to be much higher, stocks rise. A current example of a company with several bullish catalysts is Nebius Group (NBIS). Over the past few months, NBIS has landed multi-billion-dollar contracts from multiple hyperscalers and a coveted investment and partnership with NVIDIA.
4.      Strong Industry: “Birds of a feather flock together.” One of the best tells that something special is happening is when multiple stocks in an industry thrive simultaneously. The photonics group is a glaring example of industry group strength. Over the past year, Ciena (CIEN) and Applied Optoelectronics (AAOI) have gained more than 600%, while Lumentum (LITE) has soared a spectacular 1,400%!
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
5.      Innovators: Companies that innovate and disrupt legacy businesses produce the largest gains. Netflix disrupted Blockbuster, Apple disrupted Blackberry, and now AI is disrupting nearly every business.
Bottom Line
It’s no coincidence that the top five wealthiest people on Earth are products of the tech sector. The 2026 provides investors with one of the best opportunities to by high-growth tech stocks in history.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Apple Inc. (AAPL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
CocaCola Company (The) (KO) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Ciena Corporation (CIEN) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) : Free Stock Analysis Report
NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Sandisk Corporation (SNDK) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. (AAOI) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Lumentum Holdings Inc. (LITE) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Nebius Group N.V. (NBIS) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
