Title: PNR Gears Up to Report Q1 Earnings_ What's in the Offing for the Stock_
Date: 2026-04-23 12:54
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/pnr-gears-report-q1-earnings-125400566.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude. 
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
Allbirds' AI pivot shows signs of froth in markets, but experts say the underlying fundamentals in AI remain strong.
Dow leaps 850 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch new records in stunning rally amid US-Iran diplomacy hopes
Stocks climbed at the open and oil fell as Iran said the Strait of Hormuz is 'completely open'
The stock market has notched one of its fastest turnarounds in years
Europe is facing a severe jet fuel shortage, with 'maybe six weeks of jet fuel left'
Stocks rebound after Trump says Israel, Lebanon agreed to ceasefire
S&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq rise, with fresh records in view amid hopes for truce
Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions
S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses
The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company
S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled
Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher
US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI
JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks'
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Pentair plc PNR is set to release its first-quarter 2026 results on April 28, before the opening bell.
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for PNR’s first-quarter sales is pegged at $1.03 billion, indicating 2% growth from the year-ago reported figure.
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for PNR’s earnings has remained stable at $1.17 over the past 60 days, suggesting year-over-year growth of 8.3%.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
PNR’s earnings beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate in each of the trailing four quarters, delivering an average earnings surprise of 5.1%. This is depicted in the following chart.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Our model does not conclusively predict an earnings beat for Pentair this time. The combination of a positive Earnings ESP and a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), 2 (Buy) or 3 (Hold) increases the chances of an earnings beat. However, that is not the case here, as you can see below.
Earnings ESP: Pentair has an Earnings ESP of -0.07%. You can uncover the best stocks before they are reported with our Earnings ESP Filter.
Zacks Rank: PNR currently carries a Zacks Rank of 3. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here.
For the first quarter, Pentair expects sales to be up approximately 1% to 2%, consistent with seasonal trends, with the first quarter being the weakest in the year. Over the past few quarters, Pentair’s revenues have been driven by the Pool and Flow segments, which have helped offset the decline at the Water Solutions segment. This is expected to have continued in the first quarter of 2026 as well.
After witnessing lower volumes for five consecutive quarters, the Pool segment saw a rebound in volumes in the second quarter of 2024 with 17.1% growth. However, momentum has since cooled with volume growth reported in single digits, primarily led by pricing. In the fourth quarter of 2025, the segment reported a 1% rise in volumes, which was the lowest for the year. The segment’s growth in revenues has mainly been driven by pricing. We anticipate volume growth and pricing impact to have been flat in the first quarter of 2026. Our model projects the Pool segment’s sales for the first quarter of 2026 to $384 million, in line with the year-ago results.
We expect the Flow segment’s sales to be $393.5 million, indicating an increase of 7% from the prior-year quarter’s actual. Our model predicts a 0.2% year-over-year jump in volumes. Pricing is expected to have a positive impact of 4.3%, while acquisitions, reflecting the contribution of Hydra-stop, are expected to have added 1.5%.
The Water Solutions segment has been witnessing a decline in sales in the past seven quarters, reflecting the impact of portfolio exits. Our model predicts the Water Solutions segment’s net sales to drop 3.3% year over year to $249.7 million. Volumes and pricing are expected to have been flat in the quarter.
Despite ongoing challenges such as tight raw material supply, elevated logistics costs and declines in the Water Solutions segment, Pentair has continued to expand its margins. This has been possible through pricing actions, cost efficiencies and benefits from its Transformation initiatives. This trend is expected to have persisted in the first quarter of 2026.
We project the company’s total operating income to be $253.5 million, implying a 4.5% increase year over year. Adjusted operating margin is projected at 24.7% for the first quarter of 2026 compared with 24% in the first quarter of 2025.
Our model projects the Pool segment’s adjusted operating margin to be 33%, slightly higher than 32.8% in the first quarter of 2025. The Water Solutions segment’s projected adjusted operating margin is 25%, slightly higher than 23.5% in the first quarter of 2025. The Flow segment’s adjusted operating margin is pegged at 23.8%, higher than 22.7% in the year-ago quarter.
Pentair shares have gained 2.1% over the past year against the industry’s 8.6% decline.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Here are some companies with the right combination of elements to post an earnings beat in their upcoming releases.
Powell Industries POWL, set to release first-quarter 2026 results on May 4, has an Earnings ESP of +4.77% and a Zacks Rank of 1 at present.The Zacks Consensus Estimate for Powell Industries’ first-quarter 2026 earnings is pegged at $1.29 per share, suggesting a year-over-year rise of 1.57%. Powell Industries has a trailing four-quarter average surprise of 12.94%.
Kennametal KMT, slated to release first-quarter 2026 results on May 6, has an Earnings ESP of +5.88% and a Zacks Rank of 1 at present.The Zacks Consensus Estimate for Kennametal’s first-quarter 2026 earnings is pegged at 68 cents per share, calling for a year-over-year jump of 44.7%. Kennametal has a trailing four-quarter average surprise of 35.4%.
Caterpillar CAT, slated to release first-quarter 2025 results on April 30, has an Earnings ESP of +1.14% and a Zacks Rank of 3 at present. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for Caterpillar’s first-quarter 2026 earnings is pegged at $4.54 per share, implying a year-over-year rise of 6.8%. Caterpillar has a trailing four-quarter average surprise of 3.9%.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Pentair plc (PNR) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Kennametal Inc. (KMT) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Powell Industries, Inc. (POWL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio