Title: Why Pfizer Stock Tumbled on Tuesday
Date: 2026-04-07 21:31
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/07/why-pfizer-stock-tumbled-on-tuesday/?.tsrc=rss

Content:
One analyst reiterated his pessimistic view of the pharmaceutical titan's future.
On the second trading day of the week,Pfizer(PFE0.87%)was a laggard on the stock exchange. An analyst reiterated his bearish view of the stock, and more than a few investors were obviously convinced by the argument. That pushed the shares down by more than 2% that market session.
The pundit behind the new Pfizer note was RBC Capital's Trung Huynh. Before market open, he published an update centered on his underperform (sell, in other words) recommendation and $25 per share price target.
Image source: Getty Images.
Huynh's latest analysis of thepharmaceuticalgiant comes less than a month before the company is scheduled to publish its first-quarter earnings. According to reports, the analyst expects Pfizer's revenue for the period to fall 4% year over year.
This will be due mainly to dynamics in three major products, in his opinion. These are the Covid drug Paxlovid, Vyndamax, a treatment for the rare, progressive heart disorder ATTR-CM, and the Pneumococcus vaccine Prevnar.Huynh wrote that competitive pressures have pushed Vyndamax's net realized prices down for six consecutive quarters.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Pfizer is an out-of-favor pharmaceutical stock these days, as many investors remember the company's glory days earlier this decade as the co-developer of the widely consumed Covid vaccine Comirnaty.
It's been retrenching since then through both proprietary drug development and the acquisition of promising pharma assets. However, it hasn't yet scored a knockout win with a major new product and is facing patent cliffs with some top drugs in the coming years.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all,Stock Advisor’stotal average return is946%*— a market-crushing outperformance compared to190%for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy right now,available when you joinStock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2026.
To me, this makes it something of a sleeping giant. That pipeline is very wide and varied, and, as it has in the past, I'm certain the company will bring a popular medicine to market before long. Meanwhile, the stock looks unsustainably cheap and it pays a very generous dividend. I'd disagree with Huynh's downbeat assessment.
Before you buy stock inPfizer, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andPfizerwasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $536,003!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,116,248!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is946% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to190%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2026.
Eric Volkmanhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Pfizer. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over35 Amazons.
What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends