Title: Prediction: In 5 Years, You'll Wish You Bought Pfizer Stock Today
Date: 2026-04-07 15:20
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/07/prediction-in-5-years-youll-wish-you-bought-pfizer/?.tsrc=rss

Content:
The healthcare stock looks ridiculously undervalued.
One of the most puzzling stocks these days isPfizer(PFE0.87%). Although it's not generating tons of money from its COVID vaccine and pill anymore, the business is still doing well. There are question marks about its growth prospects, but the company hasn't been standing idle; instead, it's been expanding its pipeline through acquisitions.
However, investors continue to undervalue the stock. While it has risen 12% this year, which is technically far better than theS&P 500's decline of 3% thus far, its valuation should be much higher than it is today. Here's why Pfizer is a no-brainer buy at its current price point, and why in five years' time, you might regret not buying it today.
Image source: Getty Images.
A quick look at Pfizer's financials, and you might get an idea as to why the stock has been struggling so badly. From more than $101 billion in revenue in 2022 to less than $63 billion this past year, the company's top line has shrunk drastically over just three years. But that's to be expected, as the boost it received from its COVID vaccine and pill was temporary.
The big picture, however, is that this is a company that has been preparing for the slowdown and that has been arming itself with assets and drugs that would make its future far brighter. In 2023, it acquired Seagen, a promising oncology company, for $43 billion, for its antibody-drug conjugates that target cancer cells, potentially transforming cancer treatment options in the future. Last year, it acquiredGLP-1 drugmakerMetsera for up to $10 billion, as it looks to take advantage of opportunities in the anti-obesity drug market.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
The reality is that Pfizer just needs one home run, one drug that can help transform its growth prospects and convince investors that it can get back to growing its business in the long run. It currently has over 100 drug candidates in development in its pipeline.
Pfizer is facing near-term uncertainty due to patent cliffs on some of its top drugs, but it also has a boatload of assets in its pipeline that could help offset that. This is the type of stock that's worth taking a calculated risk on. Its valuation is so low that you can't help but see the mammoth upside that may lie ahead. At less than 10 times itsestimated future earnings, investors are heavily discounting the stock.
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name.
Although it has been rallying recently, it's still trading around 2013 levels. This is a stock I believe will soar far higher over the next five years, and investors who overlook it today could regret it.
Before you buy stock inPfizer, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andPfizerwasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $536,003!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,116,248!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is946% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to190%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2026.
David Jagielski, CPAhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Pfizer. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over55 Metas.
What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends