Title: Telix Strengthens Board with Additional Director Appointments
Date: 2026-04-08 23:58
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/healthcare/articles/telix-strengthens-board-additional-director-225800253.html?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian.
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
Nike set the stage for a turnaround, but global events keep getting in its way
MELBOURNE, Australia and INDIANAPOLIS,April 8, 2026/PRNewswire/ -- Telix Pharmaceuticals Limited (ASX: TLX, NASDAQ: TLX, "Telix") today announces two additional Non-Executive Director (NED) appointments, effective May 11, 2026[1], as part of Board expansion and succession planning:
Maria Rivas, MDis an experienced public company board director and S&P 100 senior pharmaceutical executive with more than 25 years' experience in late-stage clinical development, commercialization and governance leadership. Dr. Rivas currently serves on the board of directors of The Cooper Companies, Inc. (NASDAQ: COO), a medical technology company, and also served as an independent director for Medidata (NASDAQ: MDSO) from 2018-2019 until its successful merger with Dassault Systèmes.Dr. Rivas spent over 25 years in healthcare developing and commercializing medical devices and pharmaceutical products across multiple therapeutic areas including oncology, rare diseases and neurosciences, most recently as Chief Medical Officer at Pfizer, Inc. (NYSE: PFE). She has managed global operations of several thousand data scientists, healthcare experts and field staff, and overseen the launch of multiple blockbuster medical products. Dr. Rivas holds a B.A. in Biochemistry from Brandeis University and an MD from Columbia University's Vagelos College of Physicians and Surgeons. She completed residency training in Internal Medicine and a fellowship in Endocrinology at New York-Presbyterian Hospital.
William (Bill) Jellisonis a public company director and corporate finance leader with over 30 years' experience, including audit committee leadership in large, regulated operating environments. He currently serves on the board of directors of Medtronic plc (NYSE: MDT), Anika Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ: ANIK), Avient Corporation (NYSE: AVNT), Solenis LLC, and Young Innovations, Inc., and until recently served as a director of Masimo Corporation (NASDAQ: MASI).During his executive career, Mr. Jellison most recently served as Vice President and CFO of Stryker Corporation (NYSE: SYK), overseeing international finance, SEC reporting, mergers and acquisitions, and capital allocation. He holds a B.A. in Business Administration from Hope College.
Telix Interim Chair, Dr. Mark Nelson, commented on the appointments, "We are delighted to welcome Maria and Bill, highly accomplished Non-Executive Directors whose collective experience in U.S. public company governance, financial oversight and clinical leadership will significantly enhance the Board's capability. Along with the recent addition of David Gill, these appointments are well aligned with Telix's evolution as a dual-listed, global, commercial stage biopharmaceutical company."
[1]Subject to grant of Australian Director Identification numbers.
About Telix Pharmaceuticals Limited
Telix is a global biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of radiopharmaceuticals with the goal of addressing significant unmet medical need in oncology and rare diseases. Telix is headquartered in Melbourne (Australia) with international operations in the United States, United Kingdom, Brazil, Canada, Europe (Belgium and Switzerland) and Japan. Telix is listed on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX: TLX) and the Nasdaq Global Select Market (NASDAQ: TLX).
Visitwww.telixpharma.comfor further information about Telix, including details of the latest share price, ASX and U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings, investor and analyst presentations, news releases, event details and other publications that may be of interest. You can also follow Telix onLinkedIn,XandFacebook.
Telix Investor Relations (Global)
Ms. Kyahn Williamson
SVP Investor Relations and Corporate Communications
kyahn.williamson@telixpharma.com
Telix Investor Relations (Australia)
Ms. Charlene Jaw
Associate Director Investor
Relations
charlene.jaw@telixpharma.com
Telix Investor Relations (U.S.)
Ms. Annie Kasparian
Director Investor Relations and Corporate Communications
annie.kasparian@telixpharma.com
Media Contact
Eliza Schleifstein917.763.8106 (Mobile)Eliza@schleifsteinpr.com
This announcement has been authorized for release by the Telix Pharmaceuticals Limited Board of Directors.
Legal Notices
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.
You should read this announcement together with our risk factors, as disclosed in our most recently filed reports with the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX), U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including our Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC, or on our website.
The information contained in this announcement is not intended to be an offer for subscription, invitation or recommendation with respect to securities of Telix Pharmaceuticals Limited (Telix) in any jurisdiction, including the United States. The information and opinions contained in this announcement are subject to change without notification. To the maximum extent permitted by law, Telix disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any information or opinions contained in this announcement, including any forward-looking statements (as referred to below), whether as a result of new information, future developments, a change in expectations or assumptions, or otherwise. No representation or warranty, express or implied, is made in relation to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or opinions expressed in the course of this announcement.
This announcement may contain forward-looking statements, including within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, that relate to anticipated future events, financial performance, plans, strategies or business developments. Forward-looking statements can generally be identified by the use of words such as "may", "expect", "intend", "plan", "estimate", "anticipate", "believe", "outlook", "forecast" and "guidance", or the negative of these words or other similar terms or expressions. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to differ materially from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are based on Telix's good-faith assumptions as to the financial, market, regulatory and other risks and considerations that exist and affect Telix's business and operations in the future and there can be no assurance that any of the assumptions will prove to be correct. In the context of Telix's business, forward-looking statements may include, but are not limited to, statements about: the initiation, timing, progress, completion and results of Telix's preclinical and clinical trials, and Telix's research and development programs; Telix's ability to advance product candidates into, enroll and successfully complete, clinical studies, including multi-national clinical trials; the timing or likelihood of regulatory filings and approvals for Telix's product candidates, including TLX101-Px and TLX250-Px, manufacturing activities and product marketing activities; Telix's sales, marketing and distribution and manufacturing capabilities and strategies; the commercialization of Telix's product candidates, if or when they have been approved; Telix's ability to obtain an adequate supply of raw materials at reasonable costs for its products and product candidates; estimates of Telix's expenses, future revenues and capital requirements; Telix's financial performance; developments relating to Telix's competitors and industry; the anticipated impact of U.S. and foreign tariffs and other macroeconomic conditions on Telix's business, including as a result of war or other geopolitical conflicts; and the pricing and reimbursement of Telix's product candidates, if and after they have been approved. Telix's actual results, performance or achievements may be materially different from those which may be expressed or implied by such statements, and the differences may be adverse. Accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.
©2026 Telix Pharmaceuticals Limited. All rights reserved.
View original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/apac/news-releases/telix-strengthens-board-with-additional-director-appointments-302737533.html
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio