Title: Apple's global sales for iPhone 17 surged in February
Date: 2026-04-07 19:34 UTC
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/apples-global-sales-for-iphone-17-surged-in-february-193428065.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Sales of Apple's ( AAPL ) iPhone 17 surged over the past several months , illustrated by the 26% year-over-over increase in global iPhone sales in February.

Yahoo Finance Tech Editor Dan Howley comes on Market Domination to examine these sales trends as Apple is already positioning itself for the foldable iPhone 18 release later this year.

Dan, let's start with the Apple iPhone 17, doing a lot better than 16, uh but how much of this is priced in, so to speak?

I think a lot of it uh after seeing what uh Apple had to offer in the prior quarter. There were obviously huge sales for the iPhone 17, uh and they they saw that this was going to kind of continue.

Uh there were actually discussions of uh that the phones that they had already in channel were kind of starting to sell out too fast that they needed to replenish.

Uh and so that had uh a little bit to do with kind of memory as well, added to the memory kind of issues there. I think that this is something that people are now just kind of expecting that the 17 is doing well. It's doing better than the 16 did.

A lot of that has to do with a few things. One, there were a lot of people that needed to upgrade their phone since uh the pandemic era, you know, 2026, you know, late 2025.

Sure.

It's you know, five, six years between when that occurred and people went out and bought a whole bunch of new devices. It's it's about time. Some of it has to do with the redesigns. You know, I mean, you you look at the the 17s uh and the 16s, they're different,

not like, you know, it's not like, oh my god.

Earth shattering, but

Yeah. I mean, I think the uh the color orange is really the the big difference, right? And you can tell whoever has the the 17 Pro because of that. But I I do think that they're going to continue to do well.

Uh obviously this is very cyclical for Apple. You see uh the initial sales always higher uh into the the first half of the year, uh first quarter of the year and then you start to see that kind of peter out as we get closer to September and people say, okay, well, my why am I going to buy this phone when I can hold off for a few months and get the latest and greatest.

And the latest and greatest, let's move on to the next story. iPhone 18 Pro, the dummy phone is out. It's been uh shown up somewhere and this is a foldable phone and we've seen these, you know, come out for years. So they've been here for a while. Samsung was one of the first and they're very catchy. They look beautiful. They're also incredibly expensive. Yeah. What do we know here?

So this is from Sunny Dixon. He's a famed leaker, uh uh journalist as well. Uh he's basically showing off this foldable uh version of the iPhone 18 or iPhone Fold. We're really not too sure what it's called yet, but it is kind of a bizarre uh look to it. It's very wide uh compared to a standard iPhone. Uh that that's also different than what we've seen from Samsung with their foldable phones, their uh book-like folds, uh the Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 7 and kind of whole Z Fold line.

It's more akin to what we've seen with Google and their Pixel fold phones where it's it's a wider front display. Again, these are mockups that we don't even necessarily know for sure uh are confirmed to be real. Uh but it does kind of give you an interesting idea of where Apple might be headed here and whether or not this is something that consumers are going to, you know, really kind of gravitate towards.

You can see this larger screen being better for things like multitasking, kind of using it as almost an iPad replacement, then that leads to the question, okay, well, does this just start to annihilate iPad sales? Uh I I do think that one of the things to to keep in mind is that as you said, this is going to be an expensive phone. Pricing is expected to be anywhere between, you know, $18 to $2,000, right? So, I mean, Samsung already sells their phone for, you know, uh uh north of 1500, I think it's uh maybe 1,700 uh for their their fold. Uh and so you can expect a similar pricing, maybe even a premium when it comes to Apple, just because they'll say, well, look, this is for people who really want the best of the best, they're going to have to pay for it.
