Title: Nasdaq leads markets lower as Iran says 'restraint is ended' ahead of Trump deadline
Date: 2026-04-07 18:49 UTC
URL: https://www.proactiveinvestors.com/companies/news/1090108/nasdaq-set-to-reverse-as-iran-says-restraint-is-ended-ahead-of-trump-deadline-1090108.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
This record is published on behalf of Fineqia International Inc, a paid client of Proactive

The content on this Site is provided for information purposes only and does not constitute investment advice, a personal recommendation, an offer or solicitation to buy or sell securities, or any other regulated activity. It should not be relied upon as the basis for any investment decision.

Before making any investment decision, you should:

Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future results. The value of investments can fall as well as rise. You may not recover the amount you invest, and in some cases you may be required to pay more.

In exchange for publishing services rendered by the Company on behalf of Fineqia International Inc named herein, including the promotion by the Company of Fineqia International Inc in any Content on the Site, the Company receives from said issuer annual cash compensation of typically up to $25,000.

Oliver has been writing about companies and markets since the early 2000s, cutting his teeth as a financial journalist at Growth Company Investor with a focusing on AIM companies and small caps, before a few years later becoming a section editor and then head of research. He joined Proactive after a couple of years freelancing, where he worked for the Financial Times Group, ITV, Press Association, Reuters sports desk, the London Olympic News Service, Rugby World Cup News Service, Gracenote... Read more

Proactive financial news and online broadcast teams provide fast, accessible, informative and actionable business and finance news content to a global investment audience. All our content is produced independently by our experienced and qualified teams of news journalists.

Proactive news team spans the world’s key finance and investing hubs with bureaus and studios in London, New York, Toronto, Vancouver, Sydney and Perth.

We are experts in medium and small-cap markets, we also keep our community up to date with blue-chip companies, commodities and broader investment stories. This is content that excites and engages motivated private investors.

The team delivers news and unique insights across the market including but not confined to: biotech and pharma, mining and natural resources, battery metals, oil and gas, crypto and emerging digital and EV technologies.

Proactive has always been a forward looking and enthusiastic technology adopter.

Our human content creators are equipped with many decades of valuable expertise and experience. The team also has access to and use technologies to assist and enhance workflows.

Proactive will on occasion use automation and software tools, including generative AI. Nevertheless, all content published by Proactive is edited and authored by humans, in line with best practice in regard to content production and search engine optimisation.

Last updated: 16:23 07 Apr 2026 EDT, First published: 07:34 07 Apr 2026 EDT

US stocks finished modestly mixed on Tuesday as investors weighed geopolitical developments in the Middle East.

The Dow Jones slipped 85 points, or 0.2%, to 46,584, while the S&P 500 nudged up 5 points, or 0.1%, to 6,617. The Nasdaq also rose 22 points, or 0.1%, finishing at 22,018, and the Russell 2000 added 4 points, or 0.2%, to 2,545.

Traders are on edge ahead of President Trump's renewed deadline for Iran, which is set to expire Tuesday evening. Stocks got a late-day lift after Pakistan proposed a two-week extension, hinting at a possible off-ramp to rising tensions.

Investors will also be eyeing earnings from Levi Strauss, scheduled after the bell, for clues on consumer spending trends.

Bank of America analysts expect the March CPI to show a sharp 1% month-over-month rise in headline inflation, driven largely by a 10.6% jump in energy prices amid the ongoing conflict in Iran. The core CPI, which strips out volatile food and energy costs, is forecast to be softer at 0.3% m/m, though still implying a 3.1% annualized rate—above levels typically consistent with the Federal Reserve’s 2% core PCE target.

Analysts noted used cars and non-housing services as contributors to the core CPI increase, while shelter costs remain relatively subdued. Attention is expected to focus on the implications for PCE inflation, with Bank of America projecting a 0.2% m/m rise in core PCE—slower than recent months but still leaving year-over-year inflation elevated at 3.1%. The report is unlikely to ease concerns for policymakers, particularly given a stable labor market and ongoing inflation pressures in the pipeline.

Shares of US health insurers surged on Tuesday morning after the Trump administration announced that Medicare Advantage payments will increase more than initially projected.

The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS), which oversees government-funded health programs including Medicare, said it will raise payments to private Medicare insurers by a net average of 2.48% in 2027.

Humana (NYSE:HUM) shares added 6.4% on the announcement, while UnitedHealth Group Inc (NYSE:UNH, XETRA:UNH) was up 8.8% and CVS Health Corp (NYSE:CVS) was up 6.6%.

Axel Rudolph, chief technical analyst at IG, notes that traders are largely adopting a wait‑and‑see approach as Trump’s deadline for possible hard strikes on Iran and its infrastructure draws near.

"Markets remained on edge as the clock ticked down to President Donald Trump’s deadline for Iran to reach an agreement on the Strait of Hormuz, a critical artery for global oil flows," Rudolph commented.

"Trump warned that failure to secure uninterrupted transit through the waterway by the evening deadline could trigger US strikes on Iranian infrastructure, with rhetoric intensifying as explosions were reported at Iran’s key Kharg Island oil hub. The situation deteriorated further overnight, with Iran launching missiles and drones at Saudi Arabia, while Israel reported additional missile activity, underscoring the increasingly volatile geopolitical backdrop.”

US stocks have fallen in early trading, with the Nasdaq sliding 1.1%, the S&P 500 off 0.8% and the Dow Jones down 0.7%.

Losses on the Nasdaq 100 were led by ARM Holdings, down 4.9%, followed by Axon Enterprise and Alnylam Pharmaceuticals.

Apple and Tesla are next, down 3.8% amd 2.7%, with sizeable drops for other tech such as Microchip Tech, NXP, Micon and Marvel.

Shopify, Walmart and Ross Stores were down between 2.3% and 1.7%, signalling wider risk-off moves.

US stocks are expected to open lower on Tuesday as strikes in the Middle East continued and oil prices swung sharply ahead of the latest deadline set by President Donald Trump for Iran to agree a deal.

Dow Jones futures were down 0.3%, with the S&P 500 and Nasdaq futures down 0.4% and 0.5%, respectively.

This essentially reverses gains at the start of the week when the Nasdaq added 0.5% to close at 21,996 points, the S&P finished up 0.4% at 6,611 points, and the Dow added 0.4% to end at 46,669.

This morning, European stock markets, returning from a four-day Easter weekend break, have been mixed, with the FTSE just below flat in London.

Markets are being driven by developments in the Gulf, where Trump has warned that unless Iran agrees to terms by 8pm Eastern Time, US forces could escalate attacks on civilian infrastructure.

The US President shared the 8pm ET Tuesday deadline on social media on Sunday and later demanded for Iran to strike a deal that "that's acceptable to me".

Oil prices have been creeping higher in response, with WTI crude moving from below $110 a barrel on Friday to yesterday to hover around $115 ahead of markets opening in New York.

Recent reports from Iranian sources suggest Tehran has rejected a temporary ceasefire and set strict conditions for talks, including an immediate halt to strikes.

Meanwhile, just before publication, Israel said it had carried out strikes on key infrastructure across Iran, including on bridges and transport links.

A warning from the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps was shared on local media, that "America’s regional partners should also know that until now, we exercised great restraint for the sake of good neighborly relations and had several considerations in choosing strike targets, but all those considerations have now been removed,”

"Markets are once again on edge as the US–Iran conflict enters a critical phase, with investors effectively trading against another countdown clock set by the Trump administration," said analyst Daniel Hathorn at Capital.com.

"The situation has evolved into a near-term binary outcome: either escalation through direct strikes on Iranian infrastructure, or a last-minute de-escalation that could trigger a sharp reversal in risk assets. For now, the absence of a clear path forward is keeping markets volatile and indecisive."
