Title: Spirit Ends Operations After White House Bailout Collapses
Date: 2026-05-02 15:09
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/economy/policy/articles/spirit-shuts-operations-white-house-072523393.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
(Bloomberg) -- Spirit Aviation Holdings Inc. is winding down operations after the troubled US discount carrier buckled under the weight of surging fuel prices and a government bailout dangled by President Donald Trump fell through. Most Read from Bloomberg Supertanker Appears to Have Crossed the Strait of Hormuz Beijing Tells China Firms to Ignore US Sanctions on Refiners World’s Largest Container Carrier Plans Route Avoiding Hormuz Philippines Says Thousands Evacuated as Mayon Volcano Erupts Trump Casts Doubts on Iran Peace Proposal as Details Emerge All Spirit flights have been canceled and passengers have been advised not to go to the airport after the airline failed to secure a deal with the Trump administration for funding. “Sustaining the business required hundreds of millions of additional dollars of liquidity that Spirit simply does not have and could not procure,” said Dave Davis, Spirit’s chief executive officer, in a statement on Saturday. “This is tremendously disappointing and not the outcome any of us wanted.” The US government had been considering providing Spirit with $500 million in exchange for warrants to purchase up to 90% of the airline once it emerged from bankruptcy. But key creditors wouldn’t agree to the deal, which would have given the government higher priority than other lenders. Transportation Secretary Sean Duffy told reporters Saturday at Newark Liberty International Airport that the administration was “not surprised by what happened,” saying officials were prepared for the potential decisions Spirit would make. “In the end, this was a creditor issue,” he said. “They have the final say of whether they want to do a deal with the government.” As the government rescue hung in the balance, a group of lenders including Ken Griffin’s Citadel resisted terms they viewed as likely to impair their claims and recoveries, people familiar with the matter said this week. The group made a counterproposal, according to one of the people. Earlier Saturday, Duffy announced measures to support Spirit ticket holders and employees, and said several carriers including United Airlines Holdings Inc., Delta Air Lines Inc., American Airlines Group Inc., Southwest Airlines Co. and JetBlue Airways Corp. agreed to cap prices or reduce fares for customers impacted by the shutdown. “We’ve activated our airline partners to ensure passengers are not stranded, communities maintain route access, fares do not skyrocket, and Spirit’s workforce is connected to new job opportunities,” Duffy said in a statement. The airline, which has major hubs in Fort Lauderdale and Orlando in Florida and in Las Vegas, has struggled for years but its problems were compounded by rising jet fuel prices prompted by the US-Israeli war on Iran, now into its third month. The conflict has largely shuttered the Strait of Hormuz, a key passageway for energy flows, leading oil and gas prices to spike. Bailing out Spirit, an airline dating back to the 1980s, would have been Trump’s latest attempt to intervene in a beleaguered US company. While a decision to take a 10% stake in Intel Corp. has paid off so far, the US chipmaker wasn’t on the brink of collapse as Spirit was. US Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick was a central player in both the Intel and Spirit talks. The Spirit rescue discussions followed a tumultuous stretch for the airline. The company filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in August, the second time in less than a year. Prior to the start of the Iran war in late February, the airline had been expected to exit bankruptcy over the summer after reaching an agreement with creditors on a plan to trim billions of dollars in debt and reduce the cost of its fleet. Higher fuel costs instead put the carrier at risk of liquidation. The Trump administration has sought to blame former President Joe Biden’s administration for Spirit’s troubles, noting that his Justice Department sued to stop a merger between Spirit and JetBlue on antitrust grounds. That deal was eventually blocked by a federal judge in 2024. Spirit isn’t the only airline that’s suffering as a result of the conflict in the Middle East. CEOs of other budget carriers met with Duffy and other senior government officials on April 21 to discuss the challenges they face. The Association of Value Airlines, which represents low-cost carriers including Frontier Group Holdings Inc. and Allegiant Travel Co., has asked the government for $2.5 billion to help its members combat increasing jet fuel prices. Duffy on Saturday threw cold water on the idea, saying he doesn’t think it’s necessary for the government to provide that lifeline. Trump said on April 23 he was considering having the US purchase Spirit. Talks between the government and the airline ended without a deal, though the timeline is murky. Trump said Friday he’d sent a final proposal to the carrier following reports that Spirit was laying the groundwork to cease operations. But a person familiar with the matter said the White House told Lutnick to inform the airline a deal wasn’t going to happen on Thursday. The person didn’t know if some sort of revised offer was made after that. Plans for the administration to intervene to rescue Spirit drew backlash from lawmakers on both sides of the aisle. Senator Ted Cruz, the Republican chair of the Senate Commerce Committee, called the prospect of a government bailout for Spirit a “TERRIBLE idea” in a social media post when reports about the discussions first emerged. Democratic Senator Elizabeth Warren also questioned the potential use of government money. “Donald Trump’s war with Iran caused the sky-high fuel prices that finally did Spirit Airlines in,” she wrote on April 22 on X. “What do the American people get out of this taxpayer bailout?” --With assistance from Josh Wingrove. (Updates with US transportation secretary’s comments starting in fifth paragraph.) Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek America’s Go-To Autism Therapy Is Also the Most Controversial It’s Boating Season, But Only If You Can Afford Fuel Running America’s Second-Busiest Airport in Turbulent Times The NBA Draft Is Bad for Business Ready or Not, the AI Phones Are Coming ©2026 Bloomberg L.P.
