Title: Fair Isaac Stock Is Down 40% This Year. Is Now the Time to Buy?
Date: 2026-04-16 00:11
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/15/fair-isaac-stock-down-40-this-year-now-buy-fico/?.tsrc=rss
Content: Fair Isaac's FICO credit-scoring system is facing significant scrutiny right now, but the company's financials remain impressive. Fair Isaac(FICO+2.34%), best known for its FICO credit scoring system, is facing intense pressure from multiple fronts in 2026, leading to a precipitous decline in its stock price. For investors who watched Fair Isaac soar in the first half of this decade, the recent troubles have many questioning whether this is a buying opportunity or a significant warning sign. Competition, regulatory, and legal pressures have caused some investor anxiety this year. Fair Isaac's white-knuckle grip on credit scores could be loosening because of all three. VantageScore 4.0, offered by VantageScore Solutions, poses the greatest competitive threat because of its pricing. It could very much challenge FICO's domination in the mortgage sector. On the political side, Missouri Sen. Josh Hawley questioned whether Fair Isaac's extremely high operating margins and compound annual growth rate over the past few years reflect the market it competes within or monopolistic tendencies. Image source: Getty Images. Despite the bearish noise surrounding Fair Isaac, the business itself is doing well. Fair Isaac's revenue grew 16% year over yearin the first quarter of 2026to $512 million. A bright spot for the company was its B2B revenue, specifically mortgage originations, which grew 36% year over year. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. The stock trades down about 40% year to date, but the company's valuation metrics look much better now than they did a year ago. The stock's forward P/E ratio is just under 24, and its PEG ratio has fallen to 0.91. Fair Isaac's solid fundamentals are currently being weighed down by weakening sentiment. For long-term investors, the lower share price is compelling, but given regulatory uncertainty, it warrants cautious optimism. If political and regulatory pressures ease, Fair Isaac still scores very well as a long-term investment option.  Here's How Our CEO Is Responding. The S&P 500 is more concentrated than the dot-com peak. The companies AI hit are in most investors' portfolios. And most investors are holding a portfolio built for a market that no longer exists. Tom Gardner didn't think members should have to figure out the fix on their own. So he built the whole thing for you, and he's putting our own company money into it alongside members. Continue › Catie Hoganhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Fair Isaac. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy. This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over55 Metas. What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited. Continue ›  *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services. Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. ©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io. About The Motley Fool Our Services Around the Globe Free Tools Affiliates & Friends *$249 for one year is a promotional price for new members only. 50% discount based on the current list price of Epic of $499/year. Membership will renew annually at the then-current list price. Offer expires on April 18, 2026, at 11:59 pm PDT.
