Title: Top US Landlords Agree to $50 Billion Real Estate Merger
Date: 2026-05-21 14:47
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/top-us-landlords-agree-50-144728485.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results The Trump administration plans to invest $2 billion in quantum computing, expanding its broader push into strategic industries The Dow clinched a record high as stocks rebounded on optimism for a US-Iran peace deal US stocks turned higher as oil prices fell on hopes of a US-Iran peace deal Quantum stocks jump as Trump administration doles out $2 billion in exchange for equity US stocks fell as oil prices rose amid doubts about US-Iran peace talks The bond market's signal to the Fed: Interest rates should be higher SpaceX files IPO prospectus, offering a rare look at the company's finances Nvidia beats earnings estimates, gives upbeat outlook on strong chip sales The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq rallied as oil fell and Nvidia earnings were on deck The ChatGPT maker is reportedly preparing to file for an IPO in the coming weeks, with plans to go public as early as September Oil plunges as Trump says US in 'final stages' of Iran deal After an unsteady start, stocks gained as oil prices fell and a bond sell-off paused S&P 500, Nasdaq rise in countdown to Nvidia results The chip giant is set to report results Wednesday as its stock climbs higher and rivals close in. Here's what to expect. The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq fell as bond yields surged amid rate hike concerns Google unveils biggest update to Search in 25 years, including AI agents Trump traded over $50 million in Big Tech stocks last quarter, selling Tesla and buying more Apple, new ethics disclosure shows US stocks slid at the open as bond yields rose and tech stocks extended their retreat AI is likely to concentrate power among corporate giants and leave everyone else further behind, Goldman Sachs says The S&P 500 and Nasdaq slipped as chip stocks fell and investors weighed inflation fears Elon Musk loses trial against OpenAI There are 3 issues that appear little changed after Trump's China summit US stocks rise as yields climb amid inflation worries America's CEOs call out where food prices are rising The housing market is starting to look K-shaped, too Anthropic's shadow IPO market is already flashing trillion-dollar prices Investors eye Nvidia, bond yields, and the next commodity supercycle Wall Street sees bubble-like euphoria in AI-fueled semiconductor rally Should you buy Series I bonds as inflation heats up again? Travel is still on, but rising costs reshape summer vacation plans Executives are blaming layoffs on AI, but research shows AI is 'not the main driver' of US labor slowdown. Intel announces a multiyear partnership deal with McLaren's F1 racing team Here are the most anticipated IPOs in 2026 History's weirdest bubbles have a message for the AI trade Kevin Warsh is set to take over leading the Fed amid one of the most dynamic economic backdrops in modern history Trump’s 'insane amount of trades' astonish Wall Street insiders (Bloomberg) SpaceX accelerates IPO timeline, targets market debut as early as June 12 (Reuters) The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq sank as US bond yields jumped to end a volatile week on a downbeat note The 30-year Treasury yield just broke to its highest level in almost 20 years Nasdaq leads dive in US stocks, with yields jumping amid inflation jitters Cerebras soared on its market debut. Here's how the company plans to take on Nvidia with a new approach to chip technology. Stocks gained, with the Dow closing above 50,000 and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq notching fresh records Cerebras stock surged 100% within minutes of trading in what is expected to be 2026's biggest IPO The Dow retook 50,000 and the S&P 500 topped 7,500 as the AI trade lifted stocks US stocks rise as Nvidia jumps, Trump-Xi summit kicks off Xi Jinping tells US CEOs that 'China's door will only open wider' Micron wiped out roughly $100 billion in market value at Tuesday’s low — and chip bulls still bought the dip Tech stocks led the S&P 500 and Nasdaq to record highs, while the Dow slipped The US Senate confirmed Kevin Warsh as the new chairman of the Federal Reserve with a final vote of 54-45 The 10-year Treasury yield hovered just below 4.5% after hot inflation data, raising concerns stocks could come under pressure (Bloomberg) -- AvalonBay Communities Inc. and Equity Residential agreed to merge in an all-stock transaction that will unite two of the biggest apartment real estate investment trusts with a combined market value of more than $50 billion. Most Read from Bloomberg Spot the Difference: Putin Gets Trump Treatment From Xi in China Modi’s Toffee Gift to Meloni Ignites Rally in Wrong Indian Stock Iran Says the US’s Latest Proposal Has ‘Narrowed the Gaps’ Goldman CEO Slides Into Musk’s DMs During Bid to Lead SpaceX IPO Stocks Fall as US-Iran Standoff Boosts Oil, Yields: Markets Wrap Under the terms of the transaction, AvalonBay shareholders will receive 2.793 shares of Equity Residential common stock for each of their shares, leaving AvalonBay holders owning about 51.2% of the combined company, according to a statement Thursday that confirmed an earlier Bloomberg News report. “This combination creates a new and fundamentally stronger company with differentiated capabilities that will drive structurally superior cash flow generation, earnings and dividend growth, and value for shareholders,” AvalonBay Chief Executive Officer Benjamin Schall said in the statement. Schall will take up the CEO role at the combined firm and current Equity Residential CEO Mark Parrell will retire. The merged firm will operate dual headquarters in Arlington, Virginia and Chicago, Illinois and take on a new name at closing. The companies said in the announcement that the combination will expand margins by scaling operations across a larger portfolio of units and will generate $175 million in gross synergies. Together, the merged entity will become one of the leading creators of new rental properties in the US, with $4.4 billion — or 10,800 apartments — under construction, according to the statement. Apartment landlords have been grappling with sluggish rent growth in recent years, as a Covid-era building boom created a glut of new supply. Arlington, Virginia-based AvalonBay has a portfolio of around 100,000 units across more than 300 apartment complexes in 11 states, including New York and California, according to filings. Equity Residential owns and manages in excess of 300 rental properties consisting of more than 85,000 apartment units, its website shows. The Chicago-based REIT operates across six states, including Texas and Georgia, and also has a strong presence in New York and California. AvalonBay has a market value of about $26 billion and Equity Residential’s is $24.8 billion. The combined firms will have an enterprise value of roughly $69 billion, according to the statement. Bloomberg News reported in April the two real estate investment trusts, which are among the biggest apartment developers in the US, were in exploratory talks over what would be one of the largest real estate deals ever. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. served as AvalonBay’s lead financial adviser, while JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Wells Fargo & Co. also advised the company. Morgan Stanley and Centerview Partners were lead advisers for Equity Residential, with additional work from BofA Securities. --With assistance from Steve Dickson. (Updates with additional context throughout.) Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek College Kids Don’t Want Your AI Courts Are Swamped With AI-Powered Do-It-Yourself Lawsuits The AI Boom Is a Dilemma for Retail Investors Been Sanctioned by the US Government? There’s a Guy for That Elon Musk Really Needs Starship to Work This Time ©2026 Bloomberg L.P. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
