Title: Junk Debt’s Red-Hot Rally Sparks Complacency Fears as Risk Rises
Date: 2026-05-21 10:22
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/junk-debt-red-hot-rally-102208497.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results The Trump administration plans to invest $2 billion in quantum computing, expanding its broader push into strategic industries The Dow clinched a record high as stocks rebounded on optimism for a US-Iran peace deal US stocks turned higher as oil prices fell on hopes of a US-Iran peace deal Quantum stocks jump as Trump administration doles out $2 billion in exchange for equity US stocks fell as oil prices rose amid doubts about US-Iran peace talks The bond market's signal to the Fed: Interest rates should be higher SpaceX files IPO prospectus, offering a rare look at the company's finances Nvidia beats earnings estimates, gives upbeat outlook on strong chip sales The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq rallied as oil fell and Nvidia earnings were on deck The ChatGPT maker is reportedly preparing to file for an IPO in the coming weeks, with plans to go public as early as September Oil plunges as Trump says US in 'final stages' of Iran deal After an unsteady start, stocks gained as oil prices fell and a bond sell-off paused S&P 500, Nasdaq rise in countdown to Nvidia results The chip giant is set to report results Wednesday as its stock climbs higher and rivals close in. Here's what to expect. The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq fell as bond yields surged amid rate hike concerns Google unveils biggest update to Search in 25 years, including AI agents Trump traded over $50 million in Big Tech stocks last quarter, selling Tesla and buying more Apple, new ethics disclosure shows US stocks slid at the open as bond yields rose and tech stocks extended their retreat AI is likely to concentrate power among corporate giants and leave everyone else further behind, Goldman Sachs says The S&P 500 and Nasdaq slipped as chip stocks fell and investors weighed inflation fears Elon Musk loses trial against OpenAI There are 3 issues that appear little changed after Trump's China summit US stocks rise as yields climb amid inflation worries America's CEOs call out where food prices are rising The housing market is starting to look K-shaped, too Anthropic's shadow IPO market is already flashing trillion-dollar prices Investors eye Nvidia, bond yields, and the next commodity supercycle Wall Street sees bubble-like euphoria in AI-fueled semiconductor rally Should you buy Series I bonds as inflation heats up again? Travel is still on, but rising costs reshape summer vacation plans Executives are blaming layoffs on AI, but research shows AI is 'not the main driver' of US labor slowdown. Intel announces a multiyear partnership deal with McLaren's F1 racing team Here are the most anticipated IPOs in 2026 History's weirdest bubbles have a message for the AI trade Kevin Warsh is set to take over leading the Fed amid one of the most dynamic economic backdrops in modern history Trump’s 'insane amount of trades' astonish Wall Street insiders (Bloomberg) SpaceX accelerates IPO timeline, targets market debut as early as June 12 (Reuters) The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq sank as US bond yields jumped to end a volatile week on a downbeat note The 30-year Treasury yield just broke to its highest level in almost 20 years Nasdaq leads dive in US stocks, with yields jumping amid inflation jitters Cerebras soared on its market debut. Here's how the company plans to take on Nvidia with a new approach to chip technology. Stocks gained, with the Dow closing above 50,000 and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq notching fresh records Cerebras stock surged 100% within minutes of trading in what is expected to be 2026's biggest IPO The Dow retook 50,000 and the S&P 500 topped 7,500 as the AI trade lifted stocks US stocks rise as Nvidia jumps, Trump-Xi summit kicks off Xi Jinping tells US CEOs that 'China's door will only open wider' Micron wiped out roughly $100 billion in market value at Tuesday’s low — and chip bulls still bought the dip Tech stocks led the S&P 500 and Nasdaq to record highs, while the Dow slipped The US Senate confirmed Kevin Warsh as the new chairman of the Federal Reserve with a final vote of 54-45 The 10-year Treasury yield hovered just below 4.5% after hot inflation data, raising concerns stocks could come under pressure (Bloomberg) -- Junk debt is beating just about everything else in fixed-income markets after surging yields wiped out gains on most other bonds. Yet with high-yield credit spreads near two-decade lows, investor unease is building. Most Read from Bloomberg Spot the Difference: Putin Gets Trump Treatment From Xi in China Modi’s Toffee Gift to Meloni Ignites Rally in Wrong Indian Stock Goldman CEO Slides Into Musk’s DMs During Bid to Lead SpaceX IPO Iran Threatens to Retaliate Beyond Middle East If US Attacks Nvidia Tells Skeptical Investors AI Is Ready to Go Mainstream The lower-rated notes extended their outperformance over investment-grade bonds this week to the most so far in 2026 at 1.6 percentage points, according to Bloomberg indexes tracking global debt. The juicier spreads on junk debt, which compensate investors for taking greater default risk, have cushioned the blow from a global bond selloff over the past week. That’s helped the speculative-grade debt keep year-to-date returns positive — unlike for most sovereign or investment-grade securities. The outperformance of junk debt signals that investors expect major economies will be able to weather higher interest rates at current levels. The rapid pivot by traders to price in central bank rate hikes - with swap markets now implying a probable rate-increase by the Federal Reserve too — has increased the appeal of junk debt that’s typically shorter in maturity and therefore less sensitive to rising yields. But with junk spreads not far from the 2007 lows touched in January despite war in the Middle East, budding stagflation risks and rising defaults in private credit, some investors are questioning the exuberance that allowed even several of the riskiest borrowers to tap markets recently. “Investors have cash they want to put to work at 6% to 8% and these deals are performing well when they come to market,” said Catherine Braganza, a senior high-yield portfolio manager at Insight Investment Management. “But there’s a lingering concern that next year investors may look back and question these decisions.” Cracks in broader junk debt markets aren’t hard to find and the potential for spillover effects to broader markets is ever present as happened late last year when US auto-part supplier First Brands Group filed for bankruptcy. As much as $62 billion of leveraged loans to the tech sector that includes AI-threatened software firms, or 20% of the total on a par value basis, are distressed, according to a note by Bloomberg Intelligence earlier this month. “Rates can easily go up more and credit spreads could go up more,” said Jamie Dimon, chief executive officer of JPMorgan Chase & Co., in a Bloomberg Television interview. He warned that some leveraged companies will face difficulties refinancing at higher interest rates. “I would not buy credit spreads at these levels.” Read also: Distressed-Debt Deals Often End in ‘Hard Default,’ Moody’s Warns But for now at least investors are focused on broadly solid earnings and expectations economies can withstand higher energy prices, if they don’t become prolonged. Banks are also showing no pullback in lending appetite, with the US leveraged loan market experiencing its busiest period since January in recent weeks. Junk bond issuance has also been on a tear this year. Fundraising in the US high-yield market is running at its most in five years, up over 40% on the same period in 2025, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. RR Donnelley & Sons Co. priced a note Wednesday at the market’s highest yield of 2026 at over 12%, the latest lower-rated issuer to boost its deal size amid strong investor demand. In Europe, there were five consecutive weeks of inflows into high yield funds, according to EPFR data cited by Bank of America for the period up to May 13, going a long way toward restoring March’s sharp withdrawals. This buoyant mood allowed Cinven-backed Synlab Ltd to sell €370 million ($430 million) of payment-in-kind notes, which let borrowers pay interest with additional debt rather than cash. What’s more, it was also the first sale so far this year of a euro-denominated bond rated Triple C — one of the lowest levels on the junk debt spectrum. “There’s obviously a lot of geopolitical risk out there, a lot of potential for short-term downside risk, but we’re not seeing the makings of a recession,” according to Robert Tipp, head of global bonds at PGIM, who likes high-yield notes. Global junk corporate bonds currently yield nearly 7%, about 0.7 percentage points higher than their year-to-date low, a Bloomberg index shows. But the increases have been more salient in some government yields, and junk credit spreads have widened just two basis points from the end of 2025 to 2.84 percentage points. Notes from Asia where issuance is smaller are leading regional peers in returns year-to-date, generating 2.1%, compared with 1% for US peers and 0.7% for pan-European debt, Bloomberg indexes show. “Carry has been a key component of returns, particularly given the elevated all-in yields at the start of the year,” said Hilda Cheong, fixed income investment director at Schroders. “With volatility relatively contained and default expectations moderating, there has been limited offset in returns from spread widening compared to the large income carry component.” Still, investors are watching risks including how quicker inflation impacts central bank policy and economic growth, according to Diwakar Vijayvergia, co-head Asia Fixed Income at AllianceBernstein Singapore Ltd. who favors Asian high-yield debt on its improved credit fundamentals. Financial markets could become less orderly if the Middle Eastern conflict drags on, he said. In rates markets, signs are already visible. European Central Bank Governing Council member Olli Rehn warned earlier this month that data are starting to point to stagflation in the euro area, while the US consumer price index rose 3.8% in April from a year earlier, the most since 2023. That all raises questions about how weaker companies cope with higher funding costs if growth slows. But, for now, that’s not on the radar. “Fundamental stress is not even a topic that is broadly discussed at the moment” in the junk bond market, according to Citigroup Inc. strategist Steph Choe. That’s a sign of “complacency,” she said. --With assistance from James Crombie, Gowri Gurumurthy and Haslinda Amin. (Adds European fund flow data in paragraph 10, 11) Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek College Kids Don’t Want Your AI Courts Are Swamped With AI-Powered Do-It-Yourself Lawsuits The AI Boom Is a Dilemma for Retail Investors Been Sanctioned by the US Government? There’s a Guy for That Elon Musk Really Needs Starship to Work This Time ©2026 Bloomberg L.P. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
