Title: Halliburton Earnings Preview: What to Expect
Date: 2026-04-06 16:28
URL: https://www.barchart.com/story/news/1160525/halliburton-earnings-preview-what-to-expect?.tsrc=rss

Content:
All information and data in this article is solely for informational purposes. For more information please view the Barchart Disclosure Policyhere
Share
Valued at a market cap of$31.9 billion, Halliburton Company (HAL) is a global provider of products and services to the energy industry, operating through its Completion and Production and Drilling and Evaluation segments. It delivers a wide range of solutions spanning well construction, reservoir management, and production optimization.
The Houston, Texas-based company is set to release its fiscalQ1 2026results before the market opens on Tuesday, Apr. 21. Analysts forecast HAL to post anadjusted EPS of $0.51for the quarter, a 15% decline from$0.60in the same quarter last year. It has surpassed or met Wall Street's bottom-line estimates in the past four quarters.
For fiscal 2026, analysts expect Halliburton to report adjusted EPS of $2.21, a 8.7% decrease from$2.42 in fiscal 2025. However, looking ahead to fiscal 2027, adjusted EPS is expected to grow 18.6% year-over-year to $2.62.
Over the past 52 weeks,HAL stock has surged 90.3%, outperforming the broader S&P 500 Index's ($SPX)30.3% increaseand the State Street Energy Select Sector SPDR ETF's (XLE)50.3% jumpover the same period.
Shares of Halliburton rose 4.1%on Jan. 21 after the company reported strongQ4 2025 results, including net income of $589 million ($0.70 per share) and adjusted EPS of $0.69. Investor sentiment was further boosted by a sharp sequential rebound in profitability, with operating income rising to $746 million from $356 million in Q3 and cash flow from operations reaching $1.2 billion with $875 million in free cash flow.
Analysts'consensus rating on HAL stockis cautiously optimistic, with a "Moderate Buy" rating overall. Out of 25 analysts covering the stock, opinions include 13 "Strong Buys," three "Moderate Buys," eight "Holds," and one "Strong Sell." As of writing, the stock is trading above the average analyst price target of $37.71.
Stocks:1520minute delay (Cboe BZX is real-time), ET. Volume reflects consolidated markets. Futures and Forex: 10 or 15 minute delay, CT.Market Datapowered by Barchart Solutions. Fundamental data provided by Zacks andMorningstar.
© 2026 Barchart.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Immediate access to this special report (delivered via PDF) with actionable insights to the upcomingHALearnings release.
Email is required.
Please enter a valid email address.
By clicking GET THE REPORT you agree to receive this free report, Barchart's best daily newsletters "Chart of the Day" and "Barchart Brief", and other Barchart marketing emails at the email address you provided, and you agree to Barchart'sTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy. Opt out anytime.
The content we make available on this website [and through our other channels] (the “Service”) was created, developed, compiled, prepared, revised, selected, and/or arranged by us, using our own methods and judgment, and through the expenditure of substantial time and effort. This Service and the content we make available are proprietary, and are protected by these Terms of Service (which is a contract between us and you), copyright laws, and other intellectual property laws and treaties. This Service is also protected as a collective work or compilation under U.S. copyright and other laws and treaties. We provide it for your personal, non-commercial use only.
You may not use, and may not authorize any third party to use, this Service or any content we make available on this Service in any manner that (i) is a source of or substitute for the Service or the content; (ii) affects our ability to earn money in connection with the Service or the content; or (iii) competes with the Service we provide. These restrictions apply to any robot, spider, scraper, web crawler, or other automated means or any similar manual process, or any software used to access the Service. You further agree not to violate the restrictions in any robot exclusion headers of this Service, if any, or bypass or circumvent other measures employed to prevent or limit access to the Service by automated means.