Title: McDonald’s US CIO to depart, successor named
Date: 2026-04-24 14:32
URL: https://www.ciodive.com/news/mcdonalds-CIO-valerie-ashbaugh-mustafa-husain/818476/?.tsrc=rss

Let CIO Dive’s free newsletter keep you informed, straight from your inbox.
Mustafa Husain, former VP of restaurant technology engineering, will replace Valerie Ashbaugh starting May 1.
The leadership move at McDonald’s comes as it continues a transformation journey dubbed Accelerating the Arches , rolled out at the end of 2020 and renewed for a second phase in 202 3.
The company is making progress on revamping its technology backbone, a key component to the growth-boosting effort, said President and CEO Chris Kempczinski , speaking in February during the company’s Q4 2025 earnings call .
“When we started this journey, from a company standpoint, we didn’t have a global business services function. Today we do,” said Kempczinski . “We didn’t have [a] revenue growth management function. Now we do. We didn’t have a standardized global tech stack. Today, we’re close.”
The company reported just over $27 billion in revenues during the 2025 fiscal year, up 4% from the prior year.
McDonald’s push to upgrade the company’s IT infrastructure also comes as the business puts active loyalty members at the center of its digital initiatives.
“When you have the ability to get every market onto a common tech stack, our ability to move with speed and to deploy solutions gets increased by factors of significant numbers,” Kempczinski said in February.
The restaurant sector has been busy bringing technology up to speed. Earlier this month, Shake Shack rolled out Project Catalyst , an effort to overhaul its tech stack in pursuit of AI adoption and upgraded systems. Yum Brands, parent company to KFC and Taco Bell, partnered with Nvidia last year in an effort to infuse AI into its operations .
More than one-quarter of restaurant operators globally are already using AI at their restaurants, according to a report from the National Restaurant Association . Marketing, administrative tasks and customer ordering are some of the key use cases.
Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts
The technology outlook for the year suggests CIOs will retain their status within the board of directors. IT chiefs have become essential for enterprise success.
Operations are rapidly evolving amid AI adoption, shifting job categories and responsibilities in the process. CIOs can rely on their tech know-how to usher in change.
Subscribe to CIO Dive for top news, trends & analysis
Sign up for the free newsletter.
Interested? Explore more of what has to offer.
Thanks for signing up!
            Please keep an eye out for a confirmation email from newsletter@ittnewsletter.com To ensure we make it into your inbox regularly,
            add us to your allow list, mark us as a safe sender, or add us to your address book.
            Check out more from
Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts
The technology outlook for the year suggests CIOs will retain their status within the board of directors. IT chiefs have become essential for enterprise success.
Operations are rapidly evolving amid AI adoption, shifting job categories and responsibilities in the process. CIOs can rely on their tech know-how to usher in change.
The free newsletter covering the top industry headlines