Title: Nike downgraded, IBM initiated: Wall Street's top analyst calls
Date: 2026-04-10 13:37
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/nike-downgraded-ibm-initiated-wall-133751042.html?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading
The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride.
Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started.
Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks
Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg)
Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week
Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be.
Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher
Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO
What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings
The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey.
Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026.
Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains.
Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire
US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October.
US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge
Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite
Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now
Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation.
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
The most talked about and market moving research calls around Wall Street are now in one place. Here are today's research calls that investors need to know, as compiled by The Fly.Top 5 Upgrades:
Mizuho upgradedShake Shack(SHAK)to Outperform from Neutral with a price target of $120, up from $100. The firm's channel checks point to same-store-sale growth upside in Shake Shack's Q1 report.
Seaport Research upgradedMSG Sports(MSGS)to Buy from Neutral with a $430 price target. Shares have commenced a round of appreciation ahead of the start of the 2025-2026 season, but the vast trading discount vs. intrinsic value, at an estimated 57.5% vs. a 10-year average of 72%, needs to be revisited by the market ahead of the potential spin later this summer that separates the Knicks and Rangers into their own standalone companies, the firm tells investors in a research note.
Goldman Sachs upgradedSouthern Copper(SCCO)to Neutral from Sell with a price target of $178, up from $142.79. The firm says the copper scarcity premium is "larger than ever" due to expectations of structural supply/demand tightness.
Morgan Stanley upgradedRyman Hospitality(RHP)to Overweight from Equal Weight with a price target of $105, up from $88. The firm cites the company's RevPAR acceleration for the upgrade.
Citi upgradedNexstar(NXST)to Buy from Neutral with a price target of $220, down from $252. The firm believes the Street has become too bearish on the Tegna acquisition.
Top 5 Downgrades:
Wells Fargo downgradedSherwin-Williams(SHW)to Equal Weight from Overweight with a price target of $365, down from $410. The firm believes the company's volume pressure will be more pronounced relative to RPM(RPM)and PPG Industries(PPG). Wells also downgraded Axalta Coating(AXTA)to Equal Weight from Overweight with a price target of $30, down from $39, citing a similar rationale.
Piper Sandler downgradedNike(NKE)to Neutral from Overweight with a price target of $50, down from $60. The firm expects momentum in performance across the industry to continue, but says Nike is a quarter away from lapping big gains in running.
UBS downgradedServiceNow(NOW)to Neutral from Buy with a price target of $100, down from $170. The firm is no longer confident that ServiceNow is better positioned for the AI era relative to other application software names.
Citi downgradedDocuSign(DOCU)to Neutral from Buy with a price target of $50, down from $99. The firm is "turning more selective" into the application software group, saying it sees a lack of catalysts over the next 12 months. Citi also downgraded Veeva(VEEV), Similarweb(SMWB), Nice(NICE), Autodesk(ADSK), and CCC Intelligent Solutions(CCC)to Neutral.
JPMorgan downgradedNutanix(NTNX)to Neutral from Overweight with a price target of $44, down from $55. The company's investor day brought a detailed long-term outlook but with limited near-term visibility, the firm tells investors in a research note.
Top 5 Initiations:
Citi initiated coverage ofIBM(IBM)with a Buy rating and $285 price target. The firm views the shares as "defensive" in an "increasingly hostile" backdrop for enterprise software.
Raymond James resumed coverage ofIonis Pharmaceuticals(IONS)with an Outperform rating and $104 price target. The firm sees further upside in the shares given the company's "fundamentally improved story."
Raymond James resumed coverage ofJazz Pharmaceuticals(JAZZ)with an Outperform rating and $227 price target. The Jazz story has moved beyond the "it looks inexpensive/fairly valued, but where can I get upside?" narrative since adding greater visibility to the tail value of the Epidiolex franchise and zanidatamab delivering "highly competitive" data in gastroesophageal adenocarcinoma, the firm tells investors.
Raymond James initiated coverage ofUnited Therapeutics(UTHR)with an Outperform rating and $700 price target. The firm believes $5B in peak sales is achievable for Tyvaso in idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis.
Goldman Sachs resumed coverage ofBecton Dickinson(BDX)with a Neutral rating and $167 price target. At current levels, the firm views the upside/downside drivers for the stock as "relatively balanced," but while its FY27 EPS view is in line with consensus, it is also assuming a "slightly more bearish" outlook on certain inputs such as raw materials, operating margins, and durability of business headwinds relative to what the company had provided in its updated FY26 guidance.
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio