Title: Why Lululemon (LULU) Stock Is Down Today
Date: 2026-04-24 08:21
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/why-lululemon-lulu-stock-down-082123387.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude. 
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
Allbirds' AI pivot shows signs of froth in markets, but experts say the underlying fundamentals in AI remain strong.
Dow leaps 850 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch new records in stunning rally amid US-Iran diplomacy hopes
Stocks climbed at the open and oil fell as Iran said the Strait of Hormuz is 'completely open'
The stock market has notched one of its fastest turnarounds in years
Europe is facing a severe jet fuel shortage, with 'maybe six weeks of jet fuel left'
Stocks rebound after Trump says Israel, Lebanon agreed to ceasefire
S&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq rise, with fresh records in view amid hopes for truce
Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions
S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses
The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company
S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled
Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher
US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI
JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks'
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Shares of athletic apparel retailer Lululemon (NASDAQ:LULU) fell 12.3% in the afternoon session after the company appointed former Nike executive Heidi O'Neill as its new CEO, a move that failed to reassure investors about the company's future direction.
The leadership change was met with skepticism, as the decision concluded a months-long search that had been marked by pressure from an activist investor and the company's founder. Analysts noted that the sharp share price decline was due to the appointment of O'Neill instead of the candidate preferred by activist investor Elliott Investment Management. Further concerns were raised about O'Neill's recent role at Nike, which has been facing its own business challenges. This executive transition occurred while Lululemon's core Americas business remained under pressure, having recently reported a decline in regional revenue.
What challenges is Lululemon facing in Americas market?
How has Lululemon's stock performed this year?
What was the activist investor's role in succession?
Why did Lululemon's stock fall after CEO appointment?
The stock market overreacts to news, and big price drops can present good opportunities to buy high-quality stocks. Is now the time to buy Lululemon? Access our full analysis report here, it’s free.
Lululemon’s shares are not very volatile and have only had 7 moves greater than 5% over the last year. Moves this big are rare for Lululemon and indicate this news significantly impacted the market’s perception of the business.
The biggest move we wrote about over the last year was 11 months ago when the stock dropped 19.4% on the news that the company reported underwhelming Q1 2025 results. Its EPS guidance for next quarter missed and its full-year EPS guidance fell short of Wall Street's estimates.
Sales and earnings were roughly in line with expectations, with the softness resulting from slowing growth in the Americas, where comparable sales declined, despite international markets continuing to deliver significantly better growth. Overall, this was a weaker quarter.
Lululemon is down 31.3% since the beginning of the year, and at $144.83 per share, it is trading 56.8% below its 52-week high of $335.19 from June 2025. Investors who bought $1,000 worth of Lululemon’s shares 5 years ago would now be looking at only $424.74.
ONE MORE THING: The $21 AI Application Stock Wall Street Forgot. While Wall Street obsesses over who’s building AI, one company is already using it to print money. And nobody’s paying attention.
AI chip stocks trade at ridiculous valuations. This company processes a trillion consumer signals monthly using AI and trades at a third of the price. The gap won’t last. The institutions will figure it out. You need to see this first. Read the FREE Report Before They Notice.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio