Title: Nike to cut 1,400 jobs amid sales slowdown
Date: 2026-04-24 14:47
URL: https://www.retail-insight-network.com/news/nike-cut-1400-jobs/?.tsrc=rss

The reductions will fall predominantly on technology functions spanning North America, Asia and Europe.
Nike is eliminating approximately 1,400 positions across its global workforce as the sportswear giant looks to simplify operations during a prolonged period of weak sales.
The reductions, which represent slightly under 2% of its total headcount, will fall predominantly on technology functions spanning North America, Asia and Europe.

                        The gold standard of business intelligence.
                    

                            Find out more
                            





						Combine business intelligence and editorial excellence to reach engaged professionals across 36 leading media platforms.
					

							Find out more 
Chief operating officer Venkatesh Alagirisamy indicated in the memo that the reductions will focus on global operations.
The announcement follows the removal of 775 roles in January, a round focused on accelerating automation.
Nike said the cuts aim to help bring together its supply chains for materials, footwear and apparel, while also centralising technology functions into two principal locations: its headquarters in Beaverton, Oregon, US; and the Nike India Technology Center.
Nike had signalled the possibility of headcount changes in a March SEC filing.
The company continues to face margin pressure as it relies on discounting to work through surplus stock while product launches have delivered mixed results.
One exception has been the Vomero 18, which generated $100m in sales within three months of its introduction last year.
Alagirisamy said: “Teammates whose roles are impacted will hear directly from their leaders and HR partners starting today, and we will work to make sure they have clear information and support through this transition.”
On the trading outlook, Nike anticipates a 2% to 4% sales decline in the current quarter.
China represents its most significant area of weakness, with revenues forecast to drop by around 20% – following a 7% fall to $1.62bn in the most recent period.
Nike linked the ongoing pressure in China to reduced sell-in volumes and efforts to rationalise the marketplace.
Modest growth expected in North America is likely to be cancelled out by declines in Greater China and the Converse segment.
Nike’s announcement is part of a broader pattern of job reductions sweeping the retail sector.
Last month, IKEA’s parent company Ingka Group indicated it would cut around 800 roles from its group functions in a bid to streamline its organisation.
Amazon also scaled back its robotics division as part of a sustained cost-reduction programme.
The move contributed to a total of more than 57,000 corporate positions removed since late 2022, including 16,000 roles cut in January 2026.
Furthermore, eBay announced plans to reduce its global workforce by around 6%, equivalent to 800 jobs, as part of a broader restructuring and cost-cutting effort.
In February, Ocado Group said it would eliminate 1,000 roles and overhaul its technology operations following the closure of several partner fulfilment centres to cut costs and strengthen cash flow.

                The gold standard of business intelligence.
            


                    Find out more
                    





                Experience unmatched clarity with a single platform that combines unique data, AI, and human expertise.
            


                    Find out more
                    








Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights.
Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. 




Visit our Privacy Policy for more information about our services, how we may use, process and share your personal data, including information on your rights in respect of your personal data and how you can unsubscribe from future marketing communications. Our services are intended for corporate subscribers and you warrant that the email address submitted is your corporate email address. 


View all newsletters from across the GlobalData Media network.

		The leading site for news and procurement in the retail industry

				Powered by
				

© GlobalData Plc 2026
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.