Title: What Microsoft buyouts, Meta layoffs signal about Big Tech in AI age
Date: 2026-04-24 14:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/microsoft-buyouts-meta-layoffs-signal-140000518.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude. 
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
Allbirds' AI pivot shows signs of froth in markets, but experts say the underlying fundamentals in AI remain strong.
Dow leaps 850 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch new records in stunning rally amid US-Iran diplomacy hopes
Stocks climbed at the open and oil fell as Iran said the Strait of Hormuz is 'completely open'
The stock market has notched one of its fastest turnarounds in years
Europe is facing a severe jet fuel shortage, with 'maybe six weeks of jet fuel left'
Stocks rebound after Trump says Israel, Lebanon agreed to ceasefire
S&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq rise, with fresh records in view amid hopes for truce
Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions
S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses
The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company
S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled
Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher
US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI
JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks'
US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran
Earlier this week, Meta Platforms (META) announced plans for layoffs to come while Microsoft (MSFT) began offering voluntary buyout package to its employees. This all comes as both companies continue to raise their spending on AI.
Morning Brief Host Julie Hyman and Yahoo Finance Head of News Myles Udland weigh in on the state of Big Tech as more of these layoffs become more common.
We have Meta, um and this is something we were waiting for. We were sort of bracing for.
Yeah, and it'd been reported multiple different ways.
Announcing these layoffs. So now that we know about it, it's about 8,000 people that Meta's gonna lay off. Whenever these layoff announcements come and they say the people are going to learn on May 20th. Can you imagine working in one of these companies and, you know, seeing all these press reports or getting a letter from the company itself saying like, we'll let all of you know. And then working for the next month and waiting to find out if you're one of these people?
I I think there's a few departments where there won't be a lot of work done.
Yeah. Right? Exactly.
Yeah, I mean that's that's why companies don't like to do layoffs. It has a mul it's not just the day, right? It's the lead in. I mean I there's probably employees, not probably, there are for sure employees at Meta who have spent multiple years sitting there being like, they're gonna fire me. I know this is over. Like they made it, they made it through the 2022. They saw all the changes in the company through 23, 24 in the AI and they're like, I'm not gonna make it here. And those folks unfortunately are probably still there. And so they got another four weeks but you know, and anyway, okay.
Well, we'll see if they make it through this. And then there's a Microsoft, which is going to offer voluntary buyouts to its employees. This about, so it's about 7% of its uh workers who are eligible to that. That's according to um CNBC I believe reported that. So here it begins. Yeah. Um, I was struck, there was a note from Gad Levanon, who is an economist, labor economist uh this morning, who has been wa he says, we're not in the no hire, no fire market anymore. Like we can get rid of that term. He's been watching layoffs in finance, insurance, information, and professional and business services, which he sees as most exposed to AI. And he says, the layoffs are going up. They he says post-pandemic trough was 4.7 million. Now we've gone to about 6.4 million. Um he says that is not a frozen labor market. That's firing.
Yeah.
And that's what we're what we're seeing.
So, um, what I thought was interesting about these two, um, job cut decisions, they were very much in keeping with the spirit of the company in a lot of ways. Yes. And also the meta thing too. Not just the 8,000 job cuts, taking down 6,000 open roles. I mean imagine having 6,000 open recs. Um, so that's essentially 14,000. Like the the Meta finance team sat there a year ago and said we'll have, you know, 14,000 more employees 18 months from now, right? So all those jobs are going to go away. Um, so that's like meta kind of, you know, blunt force, right? They're kind of like a blunt instrument kind of, kind of company. Uh, Microsoft, did you see the particulars of who's eligible?
Yes, it's people who have worked there for a long time. What is it? It's senior director level and below, years of employment and age add up to 70 or higher.
Yes. Yes. So, one, it tells you the nature of the workforce. If they think that a considerable, I mean, you don't put, you don't, you don't offer this to 7% of the workforce if you don't think like 5% are going to take it. So, uh, they have that out there. But it's just a much I don't know, that's just a much nicer way to go about doing it. And in particular, you know, making a senior director and below. Like there's a I could only guess at how many, you know, VP plus type folks there are at Microsoft. Um I'm sure it goes into the thousands of folks. So, you know, there are still a lot of people at Microsoft who are doing a lot of work that are not part of this. Um and I think that, you know, you have, you have air cover as we have discussed ad nauseum and probably will for the next several months. You have air cover right now to cut your staff, no matter the industry. Um and I think that that speaks to, you know, sort of what Gab was was referencing that you were you were talking about. Um but how much companies want to take that opportunity, like to use a sports analogy, like, you know, the hole's open, how fast do you want to run through it? I I think Meta's like great, we're going for it. And they're they they were a leader on the year of efficiency back in 2023. I feel like they're a leader here once again. Um, you know, Microsoft kind of slow walking their way into it, feeling like we should we should do this. You know, they do some cuts here or there. Uh it's a big, much bigger enterprise.
Yeah, and it's more than double the number of employees.
So, you know, so that's kind of their tact. But, um yeah, I I mean, you look, I'll beat the drum again. I think great time to hire right now. I I I think it's a just a great zag. The zag is is so uh obvious for a lot of companies. The other takeaway with these two companies coming out, two companies that are going to report next week, two of the Mag 7, cutting their staff, it is just why this AI moment doesn't feel as good as, um I think AI supporters thought it was supposed to. Because you you go on LinkedIn and it's just a blood bath. Like nothing good is happening there. And it's very challenging to come out and talk about how great everything is. And, you know, Dylan Batel and Sameen Al-Hussaini in an interview yesterday was like Sam and Dario need to like stop giving interviews. Like they're just doing the industry a disservice because those talking points, I mean you know it, if we had one of them on, what's the second thing we're asking them? Yeah. Unemployment. What are you gonna do with all the job cuts? And they they keep coming out and saying like, well, we'll we'll have to figure out what we're going to do with all these people that are out of work. Like the goodwill that the industry has is, you know, basically down to zero. And then the actions are like, look, I'm not going to, you know, begrudge Meta or Microsoft for saying we can lean out our cost structure right now. But the combination of the prognosticators plus the actions of companies with a huge part of the workforce that viewed this kind of a job as like the top of the mountain and now that's on unstable footing, it's why the vibes are not very good. Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Even with the Intels and and so forth, everybody ripping to a record high.
Um just one footnote to this is Nike, which is also cutting jobs, but obviously, and even though a lot of the jobs are in tech, I think it's very, I mean, that's a turnaround story, that's that to me is a different situation. They're cutting about 1400 people. But like they're trying to turn the ship there. So to me that's a different reasoning.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio