Title: Is Nike's Business Doomed if It Doesn't Win Back China?
Date: 2026-04-10 19:20
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/10/is-nikes-business-doomed-if-it-doesnt-win-back-chi/?.tsrc=rss

Content:
There may be more pressing issues to address.
You'd be hard-pressed to find a globally known brand that's had stock struggles comparable toNike(NKE+0.20%). Its stock is down more than 75% from its Nov. 5, 2021, high -- including a nearly 33% drop this year (as of market close on April 7).
Unfortunately, it hasn't been a single issue with Nike; it's a combination of a few things. Its direct-to-consumer pivot backfired, its product line has been subpar, and it's losing sales in China, one of its most important markets.
Nike is undoubtedly at a crossroads right now, but with word on just how bad Nike's China issue could be, should investors be worried about what that spells for Nike's overall business? Yes and no.
Image source: The Motley Fool.
Over the past decade, China has been Nike's fastest-growing region, consistently providing double-digit growth. Now, its trajectory is headed in the complete opposite direction. In Nike's most recent quarter (ended Feb. 28), its North America revenue increased by 5%, its EMEA (Europe, Middle East, and Africa) revenue increased 4%, and its China revenue decreased by 11%.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Of course, China's drop isn't ideal, but unfortunately, the company expects the problem to get worse before it gets better (assuming it does get better). During itsearnings call, Nike said it expects its China sales to decline by around 20% in this current quarter.
Even if Nike's China problems remain or get worse, the business isn't doomed in the sense ofbankruptcyor irrelevance. Its footprint outside China remains large, and it's one of the most trusted companies in sports.
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name.
That said, Nike's growth story becomes very different without the consistent double-digit growth that its China segment has provided over the past decade. It would have to lean on its North America and EMEA regions for growth, but those are more mature markets that typically grow in the single-digit range.
If we assume it can't fix its China problem, the appeal becomes Nike'sdividend(around 3.8% yield), since the growth engine or narrative probably won't be there.
Nike has a China problem, sure. But it also has an innovation problem that's letting smaller companies eat away at niche segments. Brands likeOn, Salomon, Hoka,Lululemon, and others are as popular as ever.
For a while, Nike was known as an innovative sportswear brand ahead of the curve. That hasn't been the case in recent years, as it's leaned more on retros and classics like its Air Force 1s.
If I were looking into Nike's stock, the seemingly lack of innovation would be the more pressing long-term issue than its current China woes. I trust its longevity, but I wouldn't touch the stock right now.
Before you buy stock inNike, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andNikewasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $555,526!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,156,403!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is968% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.
Stefon Waltershas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Lululemon Athletica Inc., Nike, and On Holding. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over55 Metas.
What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Top 10 Stocks to Buy Now&OurLimited-Time4-StockRule BreakersReport
*$199 for two years is a promotional price for new members only. 67% discount based on the current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/yr. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 13, 2026 at 11:59 pm PST.**Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.