Title: From Allbirds to Nike, the Sneaker Segment is Running Into the Ground. Here's What Retail Investors Need to Know.
Date: 2026-04-10 19:55
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/10/from-allbirds-to-nike-the-sneaker-segment-is-runni/?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Many of the top athletic footwear makers face existential challenges.
It's been a dark time for the sneaker industry.Nike(NKE+0.20%), the world's top athletic footwear and apparel maker, lost nearly 70% of its value over the past five years as its growth cooled and margins shrank.Allbirds(BIRD+2.93%), once hailed as the "next Nike" and valued at over $4 billion after its 2021IPO, was recently sold for $39 million. Should retail investors avoid this entire industry, or should they just be more selective with their stocks?
Image source: Getty Images.
During the pandemic, sneaker sales surged worldwide. That acceleration was largely driven by stimulus checks, the expansion of the athleisure market, and social media buzz for limited-edition, exclusive, or celebrity-endorsed sneakers. But that growth spurt ended after the pandemic, leaving companies that produced too many sneakers with excess inventory.
To clear out those inventories, sneaker makers like Nike and Allbirds relied on markdowns, which compressed thei rmargins and diluted their premium appeal. At the same time, faster-growing competitors -- includingOnand a resurgent New Balance -- fragmented the shrinking market. Nike and many of its premium industry peers struggled to keep up with those smaller competitors as they pulled away their consumers with better aesthetics and more comfortable designs.
In China, once considered a major growth market for U.S. sneaker makers, companies like Nike and Allbirds faced stiff competition from local athletic footwear leaders likeAnta SportsandLi-Ning. Inflation, rising interest rates, and other macro headwinds also throttled consumer spending on higher-end shoes worldwide. Many of those shoes also lasted for years -- so higher-end footwear makers struggled to secure return shoppers.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
As they faced those formidable challenges, Nike and Allbirds made some major mistakes. Nike alienated its wholesale retail partners and shoppers byshifting too manyof its products to its first-party stores and e-commerce platform. Allbirds overexpanded, lost its product identity by launching too many shoe styles, and quickly fell out of fashion.
Some of these sneaker makers are faring better than their peers. Still, they ultimately face many of the same challenges: market saturation, soft growth in China, disinterested consumers, and fierce macro headwinds. Some sneaker companies that are growing rapidly today -- like On and Japan'sASICS-- could sputter out just as Nike and Allbirds did.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all,Stock Advisor’stotal average return is968%*— a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy right now,available when you joinStock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.
I might be interested in investing in sneaker makers in a stronger market, but the recent macro headwinds are driving me to avoid the entire industry. I'll stick with stocks in more predictable sectors than try to guess which sneaker maker will outlast its myriad competitors.
Before you buy stock inNike, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andNikewasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $555,526!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,156,403!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is968% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to191%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.
Leo Sunhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Nike and On Holding. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over35 Amazons.
What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Top 10 Stocks to Buy Now&OurLimited-Time4-StockRule BreakersReport
*$199 for two years is a promotional price for new members only. 67% discount based on the current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/yr. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 13, 2026 at 11:59 pm PST.**Stock Advisor returns as of April 13, 2026.