Title: Elon Musk vs. Sam Altman, Mag 7 earnings, Fed meeting_ What to Watch
Date: 2026-04-24 23:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/elon-musk-vs-sam-altman-230000177.html?.tsrc=rss

Asking for a Trend HostJosh Liptonpreviews several of the biggest stories to come next week, including the start of the trial between OpenAI (OPAI.PVT) co-founders Sam Altman and Elon Musk; earnings results from Magnificent Seven tech companies Alphabet (GOOG,GOOGL), Microsoft (MSFT), Amazon (AMZN), Meta Platforms (META), and Apple (AAPL); and the Federal Reserve's latest interest rate decision to come at its April FOMC meeting. Time now for to watch in the week of April 27th. It is a huge week ahead for markets as we get reports from five Mag 7 names and a key decision from the Federal Reserve. But on Monday, it's a high stakes courtroom show showdown starts in the tech world. Elon Musk and OpenAI CEO, Sam Altman are facing off in court starting Monday in a 134 billion dollar lawsuit over OpenAI's shift from a non-profit to a for-profit structure. On the earnings front, Alphabet's cloud is once again the big story in Q1 and also looking for roughly 50% growth in that segment, driven by strong AI demand and partnerships like Anthropic. Turn to Microsoft, analysts expecting Azure growth to remain strong, but the company also pouring billions into AI infrastructure. Investors investors will be listening for anything about capital spending, with some analysts estimating for AI related investment that could top $170 billion in 2026. Over to Amazon, retail profitability is improving. Key test will be whether Amazon can maintain those gains while continuing to invest heavily in AI. One more name to watch on Wednesday will be Meta, analysts anticipating a strong quarter for Mark Zuckerberg's company, with revenue growth around 30% driven by AI powered ad targeting. And then on Thursday, Apple is out with quarry results. The spotlight is on AI and the next phase of the product cycle with Tim Cook's winding down his tenure as CEO and John Turnus taking the reigns in September. All of that earnings coming alongside another critical interest rate decision for the Fed on Wednesday. Wall Street widely expecting policy makers to hold rates steady, but the tone from Fed chair Powell's press conference could shape markets going forward.