Title: Halliburton (HAL) Stock Sinks As Market Gains: What You Should Know
Date: 2026-04-08 22:15
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/halliburton-hal-stock-sinks-market-221503883.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian. 
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
Nike set the stage for a turnaround, but global events keep getting in its way
Bank of America rips up its economic forecasts as it braces for $100 oil all year on Iran war disruptions
Halliburton (HAL) closed at $37.80 in the latest trading session, marking a -2.38% move from the prior day. This change lagged the S&P 500's 2.51% gain on the day. On the other hand, the Dow registered a gain of 2.85%, and the technology-centric Nasdaq increased by 2.8%.
Shares of the provider of drilling services to oil and gas operators witnessed a gain of 9.56% over the previous month, beating the performance of the Oils-Energy sector with its gain of 7.33%, and the S&P 500's loss of 1.66%.
The investment community will be paying close attention to the earnings performance of Halliburton in its upcoming release. The company is slated to reveal its earnings on April 21, 2026. In that report, analysts expect Halliburton to post earnings of $0.51 per share. This would mark a year-over-year decline of 15%. Meanwhile, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for revenue is projecting net sales of $5.31 billion, down 1.99% from the year-ago period.
In terms of the entire fiscal year, the Zacks Consensus Estimates predict earnings of $2.21 per share and a revenue of $21.78 billion, indicating changes of -8.68% and -1.82%, respectively, from the former year.
Investors might also notice recent changes to analyst estimates for Halliburton. These revisions typically reflect the latest short-term business trends, which can change frequently. Therefore, positive revisions in estimates convey analysts' confidence in the business performance and profit potential.
Research indicates that these estimate revisions are directly correlated with near-term share price momentum. Investors can capitalize on this by using the Zacks Rank. This model considers these estimate changes and provides a simple, actionable rating system.
The Zacks Rank system, spanning from #1 (Strong Buy) to #5 (Strong Sell), boasts an impressive track record of outperformance, audited externally, with #1 ranked stocks yielding an average annual return of +25% since 1988. Over the past month, there's been a 0.92% rise in the Zacks Consensus EPS estimate. Currently, Halliburton is carrying a Zacks Rank of #3 (Hold).
Digging into valuation, Halliburton currently has a Forward P/E ratio of 17.5. This denotes a discount relative to the industry average Forward P/E of 21.99.
Also, we should mention that HAL has a PEG ratio of 2.36. This metric is used similarly to the famous P/E ratio, but the PEG ratio also takes into account the stock's expected earnings growth rate. HAL's industry had an average PEG ratio of 1.67 as of yesterday's close.
The Oil and Gas - Field Services industry is part of the Oils-Energy sector. This group has a Zacks Industry Rank of 55, putting it in the top 23% of all 250+ industries.
The Zacks Industry Rank is ordered from best to worst in terms of the average Zacks Rank of the individual companies within each of these sectors. Our research shows that the top 50% rated industries outperform the bottom half by a factor of 2 to 1.
Remember to apply Zacks.com to follow these and more stock-moving metrics during the upcoming trading sessions.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Halliburton Company (HAL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
