Title: Baker Hughes Q1 Revenue Beats Estimates by $260 Million as LNG Orders Surge
Date: 2026-04-24 17:30
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/energy/articles/baker-hughes-q1-revenue-beats-173000454.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
Powell holds what is expected to be his final press conference as chair after the Fed keeps rates steady
Fed holds interest rates steady with no end to Iran war in sight
Elon Musk testified again in the OpenAI trial, describing his behavior at the company and its nonprofit 'halo'
A Senate committee confirmed Kevin Warsh, sending his nomination to be chairman of the Fed to the full Senate
Stocks slipped at the open as investors awaited a Fed decision and Big Tech earnings
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Giant oilfield services company, Baker Hughes (NYSE:BKR), has reported robust first quarter results, with Q1 2026 revenue of $6.59B (+2.5% Y/Y) beating by $260 million; Q1 non-GAAP EPS of $0.58 beat by $0.09 while adjusted net income of $573 million was good for 12% Y/Y increase. The growth was mainly driven by the Industrial & Energy Technology (IET) segment, where orders surged on demand for LNG and gas equipment offset weakness in Oilfield Services caused by Middle East disruptions.While earnings beat expectations, drilling activity was impacted by Middle East tensions, similar to challenges flagged by peers SLB (NYSE:SLB) and Halliburton (NYSE:HAL).
The IET segment posted revenue growth of 14% Y/Y to $3.35 billion thanks to strong demand for data center electricity and LNG, helping to overcome a 7% decline in the Oilfield Services and Equipment (OFSE) segment.
Major contracts included the provision of compressor technology for QatarEnergy LNG's North Field West project as well as securing a massive 5-year services award from Petrobras (NYSE:PBR). The segment recorded orders rising to $4.89B, representing solid 54% year-over-year growth driven by LNG, gas technologies, and sub-utility power generation, including a major deal for 25 BRUSH generators for a data center project. IET, Baker Hughes industrial and energy technology segment,  is heavily involved in decarbonization, with New Energy bookings reaching over $2 billion in 2025, exceeding targets.
Baker Hughes is pivoting towards a diversified energy and industrial technology company, targeting 20% EBITDA margins by 2026-2028 through expansion in LNG, digital solutions, and new energy frontiers like hydrogen and carbon capture. The IET segment is the company's primary growth driver, focusing on LNG infrastructure, high-efficiency gas turbines and industrial decarbonization.
The company is also investing in digital-first asset management through Cordant and AI partnerships such as C3 AI to improve customer efficiency, emissions reduction and operational uptime. Baker Hughes is investing  in hydrogen-ready turbines, carbon capture, utilization, and storage (CCUS) technologies to support net-zero ambitions.
By Alex Kimani for Oilprice.com
More Top Reads From Oilprice.com
JPMorgan Says Oil Prices Still Have Further to Rise
Canada Approves Enbridge's $4 Billion Sunrise Gas Expansion
Eni Misses Q1 Earnings But Lifts Buyback To €2.8 Billion
Oilprice Intelligence brings you the signals before they become front-page news. This is the same expert analysis read by veteran traders and political advisors. Get it free, twice a week, and you'll always know why the market is moving before everyone else.
You get the geopolitical intelligence, the hidden inventory data, and the market whispers that move billions - and we'll send you $389 in premium energy intelligence, on us, just for subscribing. Join 400,000+ readers today. Get access immediately by clicking here.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio