Title:   Alphabet closes in on Nvidia's spot as world's biggest company
Date:    2026-05-05 15-11
URL:     https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/alphabet-closes-nvidias-spot-worlds-151116986.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap. Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin) Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know. Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week. April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation. Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower' The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it) Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience' Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press) Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war. If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans. The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020 The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year. Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed Powell holds what is expected to be his final press conference as chair after the Fed keeps rates steady Fed holds interest rates steady with no end to Iran war in sight Elon Musk testified again in the OpenAI trial, describing his behavior at the company and its nonprofit 'halo' A Senate committee confirmed Kevin Warsh, sending his nomination to be chairman of the Fed to the full Senate Stocks slipped at the open as investors awaited a Fed decision and Big Tech earnings The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1 The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings. The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs. By Shashwat Chauhan May 5 (Reuters) - Alphabet is on the cusp of overtaking Nvidia as the world's most valuable company, riding on a record stock rally fueled by its artificial intelligence efforts and booming cloud business. The potential ‌reshuffling would put the Google parent at the No.1 spot for the first time in more than a decade. ‌It last held that position briefly in February 2016 before Apple reclaimed the spot. How expensive is Alphabet's stock compared to historical levels? How does Alphabet's cloud growth compare to competitors? What's driving Alphabet's potential rise to most valuable company? What role do custom AI chips play in Alphabet's strategy? The move reflects a dramatic shift in sentiment as Alphabet emerges as both a ​major AI services provider with its cloud platform and a key rival to Nvidia in chips through custom processors that have won customers such as Anthropic. The search giant has stunned Wall Street in recent months with cloud growth that far outpaced expectations and bigger rivals Amazon and Microsoft, giving investors confidence that its hundreds of billions of dollars in AI spending will pay off. "It's really about hyperscaler capex ‌spend and, to some degree, early signs of ⁠better monetization – particularly from Alphabet – versus the broader AI 'food chain,' which includes data centers, grid and power," said Stephanie Link, chief investment strategist at Hightower Advisors. Nvidia's market cap last stood close to $4.79 trillion as ⁠of Tuesday morning, well off its all-time highs of around $5.2 trillion, whereas Alphabet was at $4.67 trillion, hovering near its all-time highs. Here's a look at how the Wall Street giant has fared as it approaches a historical high: Revenue of its Google Cloud segment grew 63% in the first ​quarter, ​well above what analysts had forecast and the growth rate was the ​highest since the company began breaking out the segment's ‌revenue in 2020, according to LSEG data. "High demand for cloud and AI offerings drove a 'meaningful acceleration' in growth, indicating to investors that significant AI investments are paying off," Jeff Buchbinder, chief equity strategist at LPL Financial said. Investors think Google is scooping up a large chunk of new computing demand thanks to its AI tools for businesses and powerful custom chips. CEO Sundar Pichai said Google had started selling its AI chips, which compete with Nvidia's semiconductors, directly to some customers. Alphabet's shares have surged about 24% this year, ‌while Nvidia's shares are up just about 7%. Nvidia's stock was knocked off its ​high after the Wall Street Journal reported last month that OpenAI had ​missed its goals for new users and revenue. Valued at about $4.5 ​trillion as of last close, Alphabet dwarfs the combined value of Germany and Switzerland's main stock markets. ‌The stock last traded at around 29 times its ​12-month forward earnings, above its ​five-year average of 22 and higher than the S&P 500's valuation of around 21 times forward earnings. Nvidia's stood at around 21. Alphabet has been taking on OpenAI with a gusto that underscores Wall Street's perception that the company is the ​leader in AI, with its shares having ‌surged 65.3% in 2025. The stock also got a boost last year after a U.S. judge ruled against breaking up ​the company and allowing it to retain control of its Chrome browser and Android mobile operating system. (Reporting by ​Shashwat Chauhan and Aditya Soni in Bengaluru; Editing by Devika Syamnath) Weʼre unable to load stories right now. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
