Title: XOM/CVX: How Volatile Oil Prices and Global Tensions Could Impact Integrated Oil Giants.
Date: 2026-04-09 03:35
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/08/xomcvx-how-volatile-oil-prices-and-global-tensions/?.tsrc=rss

Content:
The geopolitical conflict in the Middle East is leading to whipsawing oil markets.
This time is different. At least that's how things feel while you are in the middle of them. However, most of the time, a more appropriate saying is "this too shall pass." If you are watching the geopolitical conflict in the Middle East,ExxonMobil(XOM0.76%)andChevron(CVX1.22%)are ready to deal with whatever comes their way, most notably including the eventual end of the conflict.
The geopolitical conflict in the Middle East has pushed oil prices higher. However, they remain incredibly volatile as news from the region ebbs and flows. In the near term, higher oil prices are a net benefit for integrated energy giants like Exxon and Chevron. While they have exposure to theentire energy value chain, their production businesses remain important drivers of revenues and earnings.
Image source: Getty Images.
Notably, the conflict has caused damage to energy infrastructure that will likely take time to repair. And the bottlenecks caused can't simply be unwound overnight. So it is likely that, even in the best case scenario, Exxon and Chevron will benefit from higher energy prices for a couple of quarters, if not longer.
If history is any guide, however, the current conflict will end, and oil prices will eventually come back down. While there's no way to know what Exxon and Chevron will do during the likely period of elevated profits, they could use the cash to pay down debt and buy back shares. In essence, they could further strengthen their already strong financial positions.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
That would be particularly beneficial for Chevron, which recently completed its acquisition of Hess, a move that slightly increased its leverage. The company's debt-to-equity ratio is roughly 0.25x. Exxon's debt-to-equity ratio is already so low at roughly 0.19x that buybacks might be seen as the better choice.
Buying back stock and paying down debt would prepare both Exxon and Chevron for a future in which oil prices aren't as high. So the net outcome of the tensions in the Middle East is likely to be a net positive for both companies. That said, they both have some exposure to the region, with industry watchers estimating that Exxon's exposure is greater than Chevron's.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all,Stock Advisor’stotal average return is946%*— a market-crushing outperformance compared to190%for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy right now,available when you joinStock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2026.
Still, both companies have been increasing their exposure to the onshore U.S. oil sector, which will help protect them from any lingering physical impacts in the Middle East. And, when you step back and look at the big picture, the vast majority of both companies' assets are not located in the Middle East.
The big takeaway for Exxon and Chevron is that they think in decades and not days, weeks, or months. This approach has led them to build diversified businesses that are financially strong enough to survive the entire energy cycle, from high oil prices to low prices. For most investors, thesetwo industry giantsare likely to be the best options in the energy sector most of the time.
Before you buy stock inChevron, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andChevronwasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $536,003!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,116,248!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is946% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to190%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2026.
Reuben Gregg Brewerhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Chevron. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over55 Metas.
What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends