Title: Is ConocoPhillips Positioned to Benefit From Elevated Oil Prices?
Date: 2026-04-09 17:20
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/energy/articles/conocophillips-positioned-benefit-elevated-oil-162000401.html?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian.
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
Nike set the stage for a turnaround, but global events keep getting in its way
ConocoPhillipsCOP, a leading energy company worldwide, is primarily involved in the exploration and production of crude oil, natural gas liquids (NGLs), bitumen and natural gas. Being an upstream energy player, the company’s earnings are exposed to commodity price swings.Due to the conflict in the Middle East, the West Texas Intermediate ("WTI") oil price has risen significantly from the prior-year levels.Therefore, it is worth assessing whether the current business environment is beneficial for ConocoPhillips.
COP has completed the integration of Marathon Oil, adding high-quality, low-cost resources to its asset base. The Marathon Oil assets add to COP’s low-cost supply inventory in the U.S. Lower 48, which can support low-cost production for over 20 years. The company has highlighted that its deep and durable inventory in the U.S. Lower 48 can support production at low breakeven costs of $40 per barrel of WTI. In the current geopolitical scenario, in which oil prices are close to $100 per barrel of WTI, the company’s low breakeven cost structure will allow it to realize higher margins.
ConocoPhillips’ priority is to reduce its capital expenditures and operating costs by nearly $1 billion in the year. The reduction in capex will allow the company to generate higher free cash flows, which can support greater returns for shareholders. COP’s strong asset base in the U.S. Lower 48 and enhanced scale from the Marathon Oil integration, coupled with a favorable commodity price environment, are expected to benefit the company’s earnings and cash flows. The decline in capex is expected to enhance its financial resilience.
Exxon Mobil CorporationXOM andEOG Resources, Inc.EOG are two global energy firms that can thrive even during periods of low oil prices.
ExxonMobil’s advantaged assets in the Permian Basin of the United States and Guyana support low-cost production and have lower emissions. XOM is leveraging innovation and technology to improve production from the Permian Basin. The company plans to increase Permian production volumes to more than 2.5 million oil-equivalent barrels per day beyond 2030. In Guyana, ExxonMobil has turned a 2015 oil discovery into one of the fastest-growing projects in the world, reaching record gross production of 875,000 barrels per day in the fourth quarter of 2025.
EOG Resources is a leading independent exploration and production company with operations focused on the prolific acres in the United States as well as several resource-rich international basins. EOG boasts a high-return, low-decline asset base and stands out among the low-cost producers in the United States. The company focuses on maintaining a resilient balance sheet and lowering production costs, which should enable it to capture higher margins.
Shares of COP have gained 39% over the past year compared with the industry’s 34.6% growth.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
From a valuation standpoint, COP trades at a trailing 12-month enterprise value to EBITDA (EV/EBITDA) of 6.62X. This is above the broader industry average of 5.59X.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for COP’s 2026 earnings has been revised downward over the past seven days.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
COP, XOM and EOG each carry a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) at present. You can seethe complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report
Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) : Free Stock Analysis Report
ConocoPhillips (COP) : Free Stock Analysis Report
EOG Resources, Inc. (EOG) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio