Title: War-Driven Production Disruptions Will Hit Big Oil Giants ExxonMobil and Shell in the First Quarter. Are They Still Worth Buying?
Date: 2026-04-09 11:30
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/09/war-driven-production-disruptions-will-hit-big-oil/?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Exxon and Shell experienced some negative impacts during the first quarter.
Oil prices skyrocketed during the first quarter. Brent oil, the global benchmark, rocketed 94% for its biggest quarterly gain since 1990. That surge in crude prices positions oil companies to reap a profit gusher in the first quarter.
However, not alloil stockscaptured the full benefit of higher prices during the quarter. Oil giantsExxonMobil(XOM0.76%)andShell(SHEL0.97%)both experienced disruptions to some of their operations due to the war in the Middle East, which will impact their production during the quarter.
Image source: Getty Images.
Israel and the U.S. launched military attacks against Iran last quarter. Iran retaliated by attacking ships in the Persian Gulf (effectively closing the Strait of Hormuz) and energy infrastructure in the Persian Gulf, includingdamaging facilities in Qatar. These attacks against the energy industry are having a direct impact on ExxonMobil and Shell.
Iranian attacks damaged two of Qatar's 14liquefied natural gas (LNG)trains (representing 17% of its production capacity) and one of its two gas-to-liquids (GTL) facilities.ExxonMobilholds stakes in both LNG trains (34% in S4 and 30% in S6). Meanwhile, Shell is a partner in the damaged GTL facility. QatarEnergy estimates that it will take three to five years to repair the damaged LNG trains and up to a year to fix the GTL facility.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
The LNG trains accounted for 3% of Exxon's annual production last year. Additionally, the company experienced production disruptions in the UAE due to the war and the closure of the Strait of Hormuz. Overall, its global oil and gas production will be 6% lower in the first quarter than at the end of 2025. Meanwhile, Shell's production will fall 7% during the quarter due to the impact of the Qatari outages on its global integrated gas business.
Lower production volumes aren't the only headwinds facing the oil giants in the first quarter. Global oil supply disruptions also affected Exxon's energy product operations (refining and chemicals), resulting in a 2% output reduction in the quarter. Exxon also expects to report a $4.9 billion loss on derivatives due to accounting rules. Meanwhile, Shell expects to take a $15 billion working capital hit.
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name.
However, higher oil prices and margins during the quarter will help offset these impacts. Exxon expects higher oil prices to boost its first-quarter earnings by $2.3 billion, while higher natural gas prices will add another $600 million. Meanwhile, analysts now anticipate Shell's earnings to be 10% higher than their initial expectations for the period.
Despite the recent ceasefire, the Strait of Hormuz won't normalize overnight. Additionally, it will be a while before QatarEnergy can repair its damaged facilities. These headwinds will continue to affect Exxon and Shell in the coming quarters. However, energy prices will also likely remain elevated, which should help offset this impact. The likelihood that prices will stay high keeps them looking like worthwhile investments.
Before you buy stock inExxonMobil, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andExxonMobilwasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $536,003!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,116,248!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is946% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to190%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2026.
Matt DiLallohas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over35 Amazons.
What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends