Title: Anterix and MongoDB have been highlighted as Zacks Bull and Bear of the Day
Date: 2026-04-09 13:33
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/anterix-mongodb-highlighted-zacks-bull-123300580.html?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian.
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
Nike set the stage for a turnaround, but global events keep getting in its way
Chicago, IL – April 9, 2026 – Zacks Equity Research shares Anterix ATEX as the Bull of the Day and MongoDB MDB as the Bear of the Day. In addition, Zacks Equity Research provides analysis on ConocoPhillips COP, Exxon Mobil Corp. XOM and Chevron Corp. CVX.
Here is a synopsis of all five stocks:
Anterixis a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy) that has a F for Value and an F for Growth. This company is focused on enabling private wireless broadband networks for critical infrastructure. ATEX has a primary focus on the US electric utility sector. Let's learn more about why this stock is the Bull of the Day.
Anterix, Inc. engages in commercializing spectrum assets to enable targeted utility and critical infrastructure customers to deploy private broadband networks, technologies and solutions. Its solutions include Private LTE and Active Ecosystem. The company was founded by Peter Joel Lasensky and Richard Edward Rohmann in 1997 and is headquartered in Woodland Park, NJ.
When I look at a stock, the first thing I do is look to see if the company is beating the number. This tells me right away where the market's expectations have been for the company and how management has communicated to the market. A stock that consistently beats has management communicating expectations to Wall Street that can be achieved. That is what you want to see.
Anterixhas reported four straight beats of the Zacks Consensus Estimate. Over the course of the last year, the average positive earnings surprise works out to be 36%.
The company recently reported a loss of 35 cents when the Zacks Consensus Estimate was calling for a loss of 57 cents and that 22 cent beat translates to a positive earnings surprise of 38.6%.
Earnings estimate revisions is what the Zacks Rank is all about.
Estimates for 2026 are moving up for Anterix.
The current fiscal year 2026 has increased from $3.06 to $3.30 over the last 90 days.
Fiscal 2027 has increased from a loss of $2.26 to a loss of $2.11 over the last 60 days.
The valuation for Anterixhas opened up a lot since the last few months saw the stock nearly double. I see a forward PE of only 9.8x and that is very low. The price to book comes in a 3.26x and that still has room to move higher. Price to sales is the one metric that is aggressively high at 130x.
Growth this year is going to be minimal with analysts projecting $6.13M in sales and that would be good for 1.6%. Next year is looking a lot better with sales growth of 10.8% and sales of $6.8M.
The electric utility space is preparing for something it hasn't ever really seen before, competition. Small scale nuclear reactors from companies like Oklo and Eagle Nuclear Energy plan on delivering significant increases in generation capacity to the grid. The smart utilities are already planning for this and increasing their capabilities to handle and disperse the new loads.
MongoDBis a Zacks Rank #5 (Strong Sell) despite recently beating the Zacks Consensus Estimate. The stock has a Zacks Style Score for Value of f and an A for Growth. This article will look at why this stock is a Zacks Rank #5 (Strong Sell) as it is the Bear of the Day.
MongoDB engages in the development and provision of a general-purpose database platform. The firm's products include MongoDB Enterprise Advanced, MongoDB Atlas, and Community Server. It also offers professional services including consulting and training. The company was founded by Eliot Horowitz, Dwight A. Merriman, Kevin P. Ryan, and Geir Magnusson Jr. in November 2007 and is headquartered in New York, NY.
When I look at a stock, the first thing I do is look to see if the company is beating the number. This tells me right away where the market's expectations have been for the company and how management has communicated to the market. A stock that consistently beats has management communicating expectations to Wall Street that can be achieved. That is what you want to see.
In the case of MongoDBI see the company has beaten the Zacks Consensus Estimate in each of the last four quarters. This alone does not make the stock a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) and it doesn't make it a Zacks Rank #5 (Strong Sell) either.
The Zacks Rank does care about the earnings history, but it is much more heavily influenced by the movement of earnings estimates.
The most recent earnings report from MongoDB saw the company post $1.65 in EPS when the Zacks Consensus Estimate was calling for $1.47. That 18 cent beat translates to a 12.2% positive earnings surprise.
The Zacks Rank tells us which stocks are seeing earnings estimates move higher or in this case lower. For MongoDBI see annual estimates for next year moving higher of late.
The current fiscal year consensus number has increased from $5.61 to $5.83 over the last 60 days.
The next fiscal year also has estimates increasing from $6.83 to $6.94 over the last 60 days.
Negative movement in earnings estimates are the primary reason why this stock is a Zacks Rank #5 (Strong Sell). That said, sometimes the Agreement section can push the rank lower if there is a large discrepancy. In the case of MongoDB the current quarter has seen 6 estimate decreases and 3 estimate increases over the last 60 days.
It should be noted that a lot of stocks in the Zacks universe are seeing negative earnings estimate revisions. That means that the stocks that are seeing small but negative earnings estimate revisions are falling to a Zacks Rank #5 (Strong Sell).
ConocoPhillipshas jumped 40.8% year to date (YTD), outpacing the 39.3% growth of the industry's composite stocks, and 36.2% and 32.3% improvements ofExxon Mobil Corp.andChevron Corp., respectively.
The outperformance might reflect strong market confidence in COP's prospects, especially when the pricing scenario of oil is extremely favorable. However, for investment conclusions, one should do a thorough assessment of the company's fundamentals, growth potential and prevailing market conditions.
The price of West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude is trading at more than $90 per barrel, according to data from oilprice.com, owing to the ongoing tensions in the Middle East. With COP generating a significant proportion of revenues from crude oil, the high price of the commodity is extremely favorable for the leading oil and gas exploration and production company, much like other energy giants such as XOM and CVX.
The upstream energy giant also has low-cost drilling opportunities across Permian, Eagle Ford and Bakken, that could be successfully developed over two decades. Thus, the outlook for ConocoPhillips' upstream operations looks highly profitable.
The company has a low exposure to debt capital and hence can rely on its balance sheet to sail through all the business cycles efficiently. Compared to composite stocks in the industry, COP has lower debt exposure, reflected in debt to capitalization of 26.66% compared with the industry's 31.28%.
ConocoPhillips also has a strong initiative to reduce costs while leaving production unaffected. On its fourth-quarter 2025 earnings call, the upstream major stated its intention of lowering a combined of $1 billion across operating costs and capital expenditure this year while increasing volumes.
Despite all the positive developments, investors shouldn't bet on the stock right away as it is currently overvalued. On a relative basis, the stock is trading at a 6.94x trailing 12-month Enterprise Value to Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization (EV/EBITDA), which is a premium compared with the broader industry average of 5.78x. COP, however, appears cheaper compared to integrated giants such as XOM and CVX, which are currently trading at 10.42x and 10.36x trailing 12-month EV/EBITDA, respectively.
However, those who have already invested may hold the stock, which currently carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can seethe complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
Free: Instant Access to Zacks' Market-Crushing Strategies
Since 2000, our top stock-picking strategies have blown away the S&P's +7.7% average gain per year. Amazingly, they soared with average gains of+48.4%, +50.2%and+56.7%per year.
Today you can tap into those powerful strategies – and the high-potential stocks they uncover – free. No strings attached.
Get all the details here >>
Media Contact
Zacks Investment Research
800-767-3771 ext. 9339
https://www.zacks.com
Zacks.com provides investment resources and informs you of these resources, which you may choose to use in making your own investment decisions. Zacks is providing information on this resource to you subject to the Zacks "Terms and Conditions of Service" disclaimer. www.zacks.com/disclaimer.
Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Inherent in any investment is the potential for loss.This material is being provided for informational purposes only and nothing herein constitutes investment, legal, accounting or tax advice, or a recommendation to buy, sell or hold a security. No recommendation or advice is being given as to whether any investment is suitable for a particular investor. It should not be assumed that any investments in securities, companies, sectors or markets identified and described were or will be profitable. All information is current as of the date of herein and is subject to change without notice. Any views or opinions expressed may not reflect those of the firm as a whole. Zacks Investment Research does not engage in investment banking, market making or asset management activities of any securities. These returns are from hypothetical portfolios consisting of stocks with Zacks Rank = 1 that were rebalanced monthly with zero transaction costs. These are not the returns of actual portfolios of stocks. The S&P 500 is an unmanaged index. Visit https://www.zacks.com/performancefor information about the performance numbers displayed in this press release.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report
Chevron Corporation (CVX) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) : Free Stock Analysis Report
ConocoPhillips (COP) : Free Stock Analysis Report
MongoDB, Inc. (MDB) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Anterix Inc. (ATEX) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio