Title: The Best Reason to Buy ExxonMobil Right Now Isn't High Oil Prices
Date: 2026-04-09 19:35
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/09/the-best-reason-to-buy-exxonmobil-right-now-isnt-h/?.tsrc=rss

Content:
ExxonMobil is set to benefit from high oil prices, just like other producers, but the real draw for investors lies elsewhere.
It is easy to find an oil and natural gas producer that will benefit from rising commodity prices. In fact,ExxonMobil(XOM0.76%)doesn't stand out from the pack when energy prices are heading higher. And most investors should still consider it, because oil prices will eventually fall, as they always have before. And when that happens, Exxon will stand out. Here's why.
The geopolitical conflict in the Middle East is a headline-grabbing event. It is having a dramatic impact on energy markets, pushing oil and natural gas prices higher. But such market dislocations are fairly common inthe energy sector. Which is why buying any oil stock just because oil prices are rising isn't a great idea.
Image source: Getty Images.
If you buy an oil stock, you have to think about what happens when oil prices eventually fall. Exxon's business is designed to survive through the full energy cycle. The dividend has been increased annually for 43 consecutive years, which is proof of both how successful the company is and how reliable it is as a dividend stock despite operating in a highly volatile industry.
The most obvious thing to focus on with Exxon is its integrated business model. Having exposure to the entire energy value chain helps smooth out the peaks and valleys inherent to the industry, since the different segments operate differently throughout the energy cycle. However, there's something even more notable with Exxon.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Exxon has the strongest balance sheet in its peer group. Its debt-to-equity ratio is roughly 0.19x. That is low for any business, let alone an energy stock. And it gives Exxon immense flexibility when oil prices fall. Simply put, it can take on debt to support its business and its dividend while it waits for energy prices to recover.
That changes the game materially for the company and its shareholders, turning industry downturns into potential investment opportunities. While other companies worry about survival, Exxon can lean in and invest more, perhaps even buying energy assets or entire companies when they are cheap during an industry downturn.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all,Stock Advisor’stotal average return is946%*— a market-crushing outperformance compared to190%for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy right now,available when you joinStock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2026.
Long-term investors don't buy Exxon because of rising oil prices. They buy Exxon because it has proven it can easily survive falling energy prices. And if history is any guide, energy prices won't stay this high forever. If you plan on buying an oil stock, think long-term and start your search with Exxon.
Before you buy stock inExxonMobil, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andExxonMobilwasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $536,003!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,116,248!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is946% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to190%for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available withStock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2026.
Reuben Gregg Brewerhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over35 Amazons.
What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027.
Don't wait — this offer ends soon.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
©1995-2026The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends