Title:   2,314 Merrill Advisors Recognized on the 2026 Forbes Best-in-State Wealth Advisor Lists, more than Any Other Firm
Date:    2026-05-05 13-00
URL:     https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/2-314-merrill-advisors-recognized-130000928.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap. Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin) Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know. Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week. April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation. Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower' The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it) Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience' Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press) Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war. If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans. The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020 The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year. Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed Powell holds what is expected to be his final press conference as chair after the Fed keeps rates steady Fed holds interest rates steady with no end to Iran war in sight Elon Musk testified again in the OpenAI trial, describing his behavior at the company and its nonprofit 'halo' A Senate committee confirmed Kevin Warsh, sending his nomination to be chairman of the Fed to the full Senate Stocks slipped at the open as investors awaited a Fed decision and Big Tech earnings The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1 The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings. The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs. Forbes Names 59 Merrill Advisors to America's Top Wealth Advisors, Including the #1 Advisor Key points 2,314 advisors recognized on the 2026 Forbes Best-in-State Wealth Advisors list, more than any other firm. 59 Merrill advisors recognized on the 2026 Forbes America's Top Wealth Advisors list. Merrill Private Wealth Advisor Jeff Erdmann ranks #1 overall on Forbes' 2026 America's Top Wealth Advisors list. NEW YORK, May 5, 2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Forbes recognized Merrill Wealth Management advisors across two of its annual wealth advisor rankings: "America's Top Wealth Advisors" and "Best–in–State Wealth Advisors" (published April 7, 2026, based on data as of June 30, 2025). Merrill had more advisors than any other firm (2,314) named to Forbes' Best in State Wealth Advisors list, which recognizes top advisors in every state. Fifty–nine Merrill advisors were recognized on Forbes' America's Top Wealth Advisors list, which recognizes the top 250 advisors nationally. "This level of recognition across Forbes' rankings speaks to the caliber of our advisors. Congratulations to the thousands of Merrill advisors who made this year's lists," said Kenneth Correa, Head of Business and Client Development at Merrill. The following Merrill advisors were named to the 2026 Forbes "America's Top Wealth Advisors" list, including three in the top 10:  Jeff Erdmann, Greenwich, CT – #1 Michael Valdes, Tampa, FL – #8 Rod Westmoreland, Atlanta, GA – #10 Raj Sharma, Boston, MA – #13 Noel Weil, New York, NY – #16 Richard Jones, Los Angeles, CA – #18 Reza Zafari, Los Angeles, CA – #19 Kent Pearce, Towson, MD – #29 Peter Rohr, Wayne, PA – #34 Nestor Vicknair, Houston, TX – #40 John Barrett, New York, NY – #43 David Singer, Cincinnati, OH – #44 William Corbellini, Dallas, TX – #47 Michelle Mayer, Naples, FL – #48 Daniel Fries, Chicago, IL – #52 John Olson, West Palm Beach, FL – #55 Kelly Westmoreland, Atlanta, GA – #59 Brian Hetherington, New Canaan, CT – #60 David Katz, New York, NY – #63 Leo Stevenson, Wyandotte, MI – #66 Benjamin Klein, Northbrook, IL – #75 Mark Thorndyke, Naples, FL – #80 Robert Waldele, New York, NY – #82 Tommy McBride, Dallas, TX – #84 Brian Tramontano, San Antonio, TX – #87 Johanna Walters, Blue Bell, PA – #98 Dwight Emanuelson Jr., Dallas, TX – #112 Jeffery Price, Southlake, TX – #116 Corina Davis, Seattle, WA – #120 Raj Bhatia, Naples, FL – #124 Curtis Eustis, New Orleans, LA – #127 Robert Dyer, New York, NY – #129 David Briegs, Bridgewater, NJ – #133 Sharon Oberlander, Chicago, IL – #135 Timothy Long, Grand Rapids, MI – #138 Richard Migliore, Columbia, SC – #144 Todd Silaika, Clifton Park, NY – #147 Charles Balducci, New York, NY – #150 Tom Vacheron, Fairfield, CT – #152 Mary Mullin, Boston, MA – #154 Daniel O'Connell, Garden City, NY – #157 Dominic Casanueva, Lakewood Ranch, FL – #163 W. Corby May, Garden City, NY – #166 Eric Payne, Indianapolis, IN – #170 John McCardell, Charlotte, NC – #172 Michael Beckerman, Coral Gables, FL – #174 Michael Breen, San Francisco, CA – #177 Christopher Cook, Florham Park, NJ – #178 Ramzi Nuwayhid, Boston, MA – #188 Carl Cafaro, Newton, MA – #191 Matt Van Beek, Seattle, WA – #195 Sal Tiano, Palm Beach Gardens, FL – #200 Ron Mencias, Indianapolis, IN – #211 Philip Appel, Bloomfield Hills, MI – #215 Steve Nagel, Frisco, TX – #221 Jens Pascucci, Seattle, WA – #229 Michael Shalhoup, New York, NY – #234 David Magrone, New York, NY – #240 Buck Wiley III, Atlanta, GA – #246 For the full list and methodology, visit: America's Top Wealth Advisors About Forbes America's Top Wealth Advisors2026 Forbes | SHOOK® "America's Top Wealth Advisors" list1. Opinions provided by SHOOK® Research, LLC and is based on in-person, virtual and telephone due-diligence meetings that measure best practices, client retention, industry experience, credentials, compliance records, firm nominations, assets under management and Firm-generated revenue (investment performance is not a criterion). SHOOK's rankings are available for client evaluation only, are not indicative of future performance and do not represent any one client's experience and available for investor help in evaluating the right financial advisor. Compensation was not received from anyone for the study. Past performance does not guarantee future results. Details available at the SHOOK Research website. SHOOK is a registered trademark of SHOOK Research, LLC. For the full list and methodology, visit: Forbes America's Top Wealth Advisors 2026. About Forbes America's Best-in-State Wealth Advisors2026 Forbes | SHOOK® "Best-in-State Wealth Advisors" list2. Opinions provided by SHOOK® Research, LLC and is based on in-person, virtual and telephone due-diligence meetings that measure best practices, client retention, industry experience, credentials, compliance records, firm nominations, assets under management and Firm-generated revenue (investment performance is not a criterion). SHOOK's rankings are available for client evaluation only, are not indicative of future performance and do not represent any one client's experience and available for investor help in evaluating the right financial advisor. Compensation was not received from anyone for the study. Past performance does not guarantee future results. Details available at the SHOOK Research website. SHOOK is a registered trademark of SHOOK Research, LLC. For the full list and methodology, visit: Forbes America's Top Best-in-State Wealth Advisors 2026. Frequently asked questions Question: What are the Forbes "America's Top Wealth Advisors" and "Best-in-State Wealth Advisors" lists?Answer: Forbes publishes 6 individual advisor rankings and 3 team or firm rankings each year, aiming to shine a spotlight on the nation's best wealth advisors and practices serving clients across the country. Question: What other lists have Merrill advisors appeared on this year?Answer: Merrill advisors have appeared on the following lists so far in 2026: 4,837 advisors and 1,844 teams on the 2026 Forbes "Best-in-State Wealth Management Teams"3 23 advisors on the 2026 Forbes "America's Top Women Wealth Advisors"4 539 advisors on the 2026 Forbes "Top Women Wealth Advisors Best-in-State"5 24 advisors on the 2026 Financial Planning "Top 40 Brokers Under 40"6 341 advisors on the 2026 Barron's "Top 1,500 Financial Advisors"7 Question: How does Merrill invest in the training and development of next–generation advisors?Answer: Merrill has a long–standing commitment to developing the next generation of advisors through its Advisor Development Program. The program is designed to build strong foundational skills while preparing advisors to serve increasingly complex client needs. Question: How does Merrill's solutions, platform and technology support its advisors?Answer: Merrill provides clients, through their advisors, with an integrated platform that brings together planning, investment, banking, and lending capabilities. Through an open–architecture investment approach and providing access to banking capabilities, advisors have access to a broad range of solutions. Merrill continues to invest in its platform and technology, including the recently launched AI-Powered Meeting Journey, to help advisors navigate complexity, scale their practices, and deliver personalized advice. Bank of AmericaBank of America is one of the world's leading financial institutions, serving individual consumers, small and middle-market businesses and large corporations with a full range of banking, investing, asset management and other financial and risk management products and services. The company provides unmatched convenience in the United States, serving nearly 70 million clients with approximately 3,600 retail financial centers, approximately 15,000 ATMs (automated teller machines) and award-winning digital banking with approximately 59 million verified digital users. Bank of America is a global leader in wealth management, corporate and investment banking and trading across a broad range of asset classes, serving corporations, governments, institutions and individuals around the world. Bank of America offers industry-leading support to approximately 4 million small business households through a suite of innovative, easy-to-use online products and services. The company serves clients through operations across the United States, its territories and more than 35 countries. Bank of America Corporation stock (NYSE: BAC) is listed on the New York Stock Exchange. For more Bank of America news, including dividend announcements and other important information, visit the Bank of America newsroom and register for news email alerts. Reporters may contactJulia Ehrenfeld, Bank of AmericaPhone: 1.646.855.3267julia.ehrenfeld@bofa.com Footnotes1 2026 Forbes "America's Top Wealth Advisors" list. Opinions provided by SHOOK® Research, LLC and is based on in-person, virtual and telephone due-diligence meetings that measure best practices, client retention, industry experience, credentials, compliance records, firm nominations, assets under management and Firm-generated revenue (investment performance is not a criterion). SHOOK's rankings are available for client evaluation only, are not indicative of future performance and do not represent any one client's experience and available for investor help in evaluating the right financial advisor. Compensation was not received from anyone for the study. Past performance does not guarantee future results. Details available at the SHOOK Research website. SHOOK is a registered trademark of SHOOK Research, LLC. 22026 Forbes "Best-in-State Wealth Advisors" list. Opinions provided by SHOOK® Research, LLC and is based on in-person, virtual and telephone due-diligence meetings that measure best practices, client retention, industry experience, credentials, compliance records, firm nominations, assets under management and Firm-generated revenue (investment performance is not a criterion). SHOOK's rankings are available for client evaluation only, are not indicative of future performance and do not represent any one client's experience and available for investor help in evaluating the right financial advisor. Compensation was not received from anyone for the study. Past performance does not guarantee future results. Details available at the SHOOK Research website. SHOOK is a registered trademark of SHOOK Research, LLC. 32026 Forbes "Best-in-State Wealth Management Teams" list. Opinions provided by SHOOK* Research, LLC and is based on in-person, virtual and telephone due-diligence meetings and a ranking algorithm that measure best practices, client retention, industry experience, credentials, compliance records, firm nominations, assets under management and Firm-generated revenue (investment performance is not a criterion because client objectives and risk tolerance vary). SHOOK's rankings are available for client evaluation only, are not indicative of future performance and do not represent any one client's experience and available for investor help in evaluating the right financial advisor and not an endorsement of the advisor. Compensation was not received from anyone for the rankings study. Past performance does not guarantee future results. Details available at the SHOOK Research website. SHOOK is a registered trademark of SHOOK Research, LLC. 42026 Forbes "America's Top Women Wealth Advisors" list. Opinions provided by SHOOK® Research, LLC and is based on in-person, virtual and telephone due-diligence meetings that measure best practices, client retention, industry experience, credentials, compliance records, firm nominations, assets under management and Firm-generated revenue (investment performance is not a criterion). SHOOK's rankings are available for client evaluation only, are not indicative of future performance and do not represent any one client's experience and available for investor help in evaluating the right financial advisor and should not be considered an endorsement of the advisor. Compensation was not received from anyone for the study. Past performance does not guarantee future results. Details available at the SHOOK Research website. SHOOK is a registered trademark of SHOOK Research, LLC. 52026 Forbes "Top Women Wealth Advisors Best-in-State" list. Opinions provided by SHOOK® Research, LLC and is based on in-person, virtual and telephone due-diligence meetings that measure best practices, client retention, industry experience, credentials, compliance records, firm nominations, assets under management and Firm-generated revenue (investment performance is not a criterion). SHOOK's rankings are available for client evaluation only, are not indicative of future performance and do not represent any one client's experience and available for investor help in evaluating the right financial advisor and should not be considered an endorsement of the advisor. Compensation was not received from anyone for the study. Past performance does not guarantee future results. Details available at the SHOOK Research website. SHOOK is a registered trademark of SHOOK Research, LLC. 62026 Financial Planning's "Top 40 Brokers Under 40" list is compiled using data solicited from advisors' employers. Opinions provided by Financial Planning considered advisors under 40 years old who work at an employee brokerage firm. Primary ranking is based on trailing 12-month production for each advisor. Financial Planning is a national publication serving the wealth management industry and retail brokers working in the employee channel for wirehouses and regional broker-dealers. Financial Planning's rankings do not reflect all client experiences, endorse any advisor, indicate future performance or future success and are available for client evaluation only. Compensation was not received from anyone for the study. Financial Planning is a trademark of Arizent. All rights reserved. 72026 Barron's "Top Financial Advisors" list. Opinions are Barron's, who evaluated advisors with a minimum of seven years financial services experience and employed at their current firm for at least one year. Ranking spots determined by each state's population and wealth. Other quantitative and qualitative measures include assets under management, revenues generated for the firm, quality of practice, regulatory records, internal company documents, and 100-plus points of advisor-provided data. Rankings do not reflect any one client's experience, endorse any advisor and do not guarantee future investment success. Compensation was not received from anyone for the study. Barron's is a trademark of Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All rights reserved. Important DisclosuresInvestment products: Are Not FDIC Insured Are Not Bank Guaranteed May Lose Value Investing involves risk. There is always the potential of losing money when you invest in securities. Past performance does not guarantee future results. Asset allocation, rebalancing and diversification do not guarantee against risk in broadly declining markets. Merrill, its affiliates, and financial advisors do not provide legal, tax, or accounting advice. You should consult your legal and/or tax advisors before making any financial decisions. This material is not intended as a recommendation, offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of any security or investment strategy. Merrill offers a broad range of brokerage, investment advisory (including financial planning) and other services. Additional information is available in our Client Relationship Summary (PDF). This material does not take into account a client's particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs and is not intended as a recommendation, offer, or solicitation for the purchase or sale of any security or investment strategy. Merrill offers a broad range of brokerage, investment advisory (including financial planning) and other services. There are important differences between brokerage and investment advisory services, including the type of advice and assistance provided, the fees charged, and the rights and obligations of the parties. It is important to understand the differences, particularly when determining which service or services to select. For more information about these services and their differences, speak with your Merrill financial advisor. Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (also referred to as "MLPF&S" or "Merrill") makes available certain investment products sponsored, managed, distributed or provided by companies that are affiliates of Bank of America Corporation ("BofA Corp."). MLPF&S is a registered broker-dealer, registered investment adviser, Member SIPC and a wholly owned subsidiary of BofA Corp. The Chief Investment Office (CIO) provides thought leadership on wealth management, investment strategy and global markets; portfolio management solutions; due diligence; and solutions oversight and data analytics. CIO viewpoints are developed for Bank of America Private Bank, a division of Bank of America, N.A., ("Bank of America") and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated ("MLPF&S" or "Merrill"), a registered broker-dealer, registered investment adviser and a wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation. Insurance and annuity products are offered through Merrill Lynch Life Agency Inc., a licensed insurance agency and wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation. Trust, fiduciary and investment management services, including assets managed by the Specialty Asset Management team, are provided by Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC and wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation ("BofA Corp."), and its agents. Bank of America Private Bank is a division of Bank of America, N.A. U.S. Trust Company of Delaware is a wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation. Banking products are provided by Bank of America, N.A. and affiliated banks, Members FDIC and wholly owned subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.   View original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/2-314-merrill-advisors-recognized-on-the-2026-forbes-best-in-state-wealth-advisor-lists-more-than-any-other-firm-302762474.html Weʼre unable to load stories right now. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
