Title:   PORTLAND THORNS ANNOUNCE BANK OF AMERICA AS PARTNER TO EXPAND COMMUNITY ACCESS TO SOCCER AND OFFICIAL WEALTH MANAGEMENT PARTNER
Date:    2026-05-05 15-00
URL:     https://finance.yahoo.com/economy/policy/articles/portland-thorns-announce-bank-america-150000577.html?.tsrc=rss
Content: Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap. Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin) Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know. Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week. April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation. Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower' The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it) Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience' Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press) Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war. If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans. The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020 The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year. Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed Powell holds what is expected to be his final press conference as chair after the Fed keeps rates steady Fed holds interest rates steady with no end to Iran war in sight Elon Musk testified again in the OpenAI trial, describing his behavior at the company and its nonprofit 'halo' A Senate committee confirmed Kevin Warsh, sending his nomination to be chairman of the Fed to the full Senate Stocks slipped at the open as investors awaited a Fed decision and Big Tech earnings The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1 The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings. The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs. Collaboration benefits families, youth, and business community across Portland PORTLAND, Ore., May 5, 2026 /PRNewswire/ -- The Portland Thorns today announced a new multi-year community-focused partnership with Bank of America as well as naming the company the club's Official Wealth Management Partner. Built on a shared commitment to community impact, the partnership will create meaningful opportunities for youth, families, and businesses across the Portland region. Central to the partnership is Soccer with Us, Bank of America's signature community program focused on expanding access to the game of soccer for youth. In collaboration with the Thorns, the initiative will help remove barriers to participation and create more opportunities for kids across Portland to experience the sport in an inclusive and supportive environment. "Two of Portland's most established institutions coming together means we can do this at real scale," said Alexis Lee, President of Business Operations for the Portland Thorns. "Through Soccer with Us, youth clinics, and our 'My First Game' experience, we're opening the game up to more kids and families across the region. Bank of America is putting real resources behind all of it, and that's what makes this partnership significant." Through the partnership, Bank of America will also sponsor a series of youth clinics throughout the season, further extending access to high-quality coaching and engagement opportunities for young players. Additionally, the collaboration will support the Thorns' "My First Game" experience, helping introduce new fans to the club and ensuring more families have the opportunity to attend a match at Providence Park for the first time. Bank of America branding will also be featured on the Thorns' training kit, worn by players during organized practices and training sessions. "The Portland Thorns are a source of pride and inspiration across our region," said Marc Compton, Oregon and Southwest Washington managing director, Bank of America Private Bank. "Beyond being cultural icons, they embody the power of women's sports to drive lasting economic benefits that uplift local businesses and contribute to Portland's overall vitality. Together, we will create pathways for more young people around Portland to learn, grow, and envision big things for their futures." In recognition of the growing influence of women's sports to inspire and drive lasting economic impact and empowerment, the Thorns-Bank of America partnership will uplift local entrepreneurs through initiatives such as the Game Ball Delivery and the Playmakers of Portland program, spotlighting business owners and community leaders. About Portland ThornsFounded in 2012, the Portland Thorns are a global leader in women's soccer, defined by unmatched fan support, championship success, and a longstanding commitment to excellence since their inaugural 2013 season. The Thorns have created one of the premier environments in women's sports at Providence Park, leading the NWSL in average attendance for a league-record ninth time in 2025 and hosting four of the five largest-attended matches during the 2025 season. Portland is the winningest club in NWSL history, capturing a league-record three NWSL Championships (2013, 2017, 2022), two NWSL Shields (2016, 2021), and the 2021 NWSL Challenge Cup, while qualifying for the postseason a league-high 11 times. Looking ahead, the club's investment in the world's first dual-sport women's performance center, the Kaiser Permanente Performance Center, set to open in 2026, will foster an environment that champions innovation, elevates athlete development, and enhances elite performance. Bank of America Bank of America is one of the world's leading financial institutions, serving individual consumers, small and middle-market businesses and large corporations with a full range of banking, investing, asset management and other financial and risk management products and services. The company provides unmatched convenience in the United States, serving nearly 70 million clients with approximately 3,500 retail financial centers, approximately 15,000 ATMs (automated teller machines) and award-winning digital banking with approximately 59 million verified digital users. Bank of America is a global leader in wealth management, corporate and investment banking and trading across a broad range of asset classes, serving corporations, governments, institutions and individuals around the world. Bank of America offers industry leading support to approximately 4 million small business households through a suite of innovative, easy-to-use online products and services. The company serves clients through operations across the United States, its territories and more than 35 countries. Bank of America Corporation stock (NYSE: BAC) is listed on the New York Stock Exchange. For more Bank of America news, including dividend announcements and other important information, visit the Bank of America newsroom and register for news email alerts. Reporters may contact:  Matthew Radmanovich, Portland Thorns  Britney Sheehan, Bank of America 1.310.800.4714 1.425.467.9744 MRadmanovich@thorns.com Britney.w.sheehan@bofa.com    View original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/portland-thorns-announce-bank-of-america-as-partner-to-expand-community-access-to-soccer-and-official-wealth-management-partner-302762838.html Weʼre unable to load stories right now. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
