Title: ‘The Jig Is Up’: 70% Crash Marks Quick End to Avis Short Squeeze
Date: 2026-04-24 20:18
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/jig-70-crash-marks-quick-201851569.html?.tsrc=rss

Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home.
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker.
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
Why Tesla investors should love this version of CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares jumps as earnings, sales top forecasts
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit fresh records as market rally resumes, with Tesla earnings on deck
US stocks rise after Trump extends the US-Iran ceasefire indefinitely
Best Buy taps insider Jason Bonfig as new CEO, as Corie Barry steps down
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise after Trump extends US-Iran ceasefire
Kevin Warsh just faced a fiery Senate hearing. He still doesn’t have a clear path to becoming Fed chair.
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq slid as US-Iran peace talks were put on hold
Kevin Warsh testifies he never made a deal with Trump to lower interest rates as Fed chair
Fed nominee Kevin Warsh testified that he won't be Trump's "sock puppet" in contentious Senate hearing. Follow live.
Kevin Warsh, President Trump's pick to lead the Fed, is set to testify in front of the Senate Banking Committee. Follow along live.
US stocks climb with Warsh hearing, Iran talks in focus
Tim Cook is stepping down as Apple CEO. His 15-year run made investors $4 trillion richer.
Apple CEO Tim Cook steps down, John Ternus to take role
Dow slips, S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreat from records with Middle East peace talks at risk
Scott Melker delivers a high-octane, 15-minute crypto briefing every weekday on Yahoo Finance. Check out the first episode
Stocks edged lower as US-Iran tensions resumed, shuttering the Strait of Hormuz
A longer-term car loan can lower the barrier to entry for buyers — but these loan terms are not without drawbacks.
The AI trade has been able to insulate itself from disruptions caused by the Middle East war.
Gas prices may remain at $3 per gallon or more until next year, US Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Sunday. (Bloomberg)
As big banks kick off earnings season, strategists say the "dominant theme" for investors is shifting back to Big Tech and energy.
Ceasefire talks, record highs for the US stock market, and Tesla earnings will be in focus for investors.
In the rarefied world of luxury automobiles, Rolls-Royce just upped the altitude.
Gas prices "rise like a rocket and fall like a feather."  Here's what to know.
The million dollar retirement planning question: How long will you live?
The software rebound is real, but not every big name is back
(Bloomberg) -- The speculative mania around Avis Budget Group Inc. erupted quickly. It collapsed even faster.
Most Read from Bloomberg
The Billion-Barrel Hormuz Oil Shock Is About to Crash Demand
Gunman Detained, Trump Evacuated After Shooting at Press Dinner
Trump Scraps US Trip for Iran Talks, Leaving Ceasefire in Limbo
Google Plans to Invest Up to $40 Billion in Anthropic
The Hottest Phone for Kids Right Now Is a $100 Landline
In just two days, with no clear cause, the car-rental company’s stock cratered so deeply that it wiped out all but a sliver of its 600% surge over the previous month.
“You typically don’t see stocks like these swing this way,” said Steve Sosnick, chief strategist at Interactive Brokers. “It was such a strong move, in such a short time — that, too, in a household name like Avis.”
The sharp rise was, by all accounts, a classic short squeeze, in which the hordes of investors who’d sold borrowed Avis shares, betting they’d drop, suddenly started racing to close out those positions by buying them back. As others held onto their stock, making the supply relatively scarce, the price soared.
What caused the sudden and violent reversal — sending the stock plunging nearly 70% on Wednesday and Thursday alone — is much less clear. But to many traders and investors, including those who bet against Avis and made money when it crashed, it always seemed inevitable that it would end this way.
The stock price had gotten clearly untethered from the company’s fundamentals. And unlike the similar jumps in meme-stocks like GameStop Corp. or AMC Entertainment Holdings Inc., there was no small army of day traders intent on keeping it going.
Then late on Wednesday, after the first leg down, Avis announced that it would report its first-quarter earnings on April 29, ahead of an expected early-to-mid May date. That ignited speculation that Avis was planning to seize on the jump to raise money by selling stock, which turbocharged the selloff.
Avis in late March filed for a so-called “at-the-market” offering, which allows for open-market sales at prevailing prices, for up to 5 million shares, though it has not disclosed selling any yet. Avis didn’t respond to requests for comment.
“Once they say they’re announcing earnings, you know they’re going to try and issue stock,” said Vikram Rai, a portfolio manager and macro trader at First New York who started shorting Avis’s stock last week. “Now everybody knows the jig is up. They’re going to come and dilute the existing shareholders, and if there’s more volume in the market, the short squeeze is over.”
To many on Wall Street, the Avis boom-and-bust brought flashbacks of the meme phenomenon of 2021, when day traders made a game of burning short sellers and vexing Wall Street pros by banding together to drive beaten-up stocks into the stratosphere. And some retail investors did participate by buying into the latter part of the rally and selling amid the vertical drop over the past two days. But they were not in the driver’s seat.
What is happening with Avis is the result of a more classic dynamic among professional speculators. The stock had been heavily shorted. And a whiff of good news — a big shareholder upping its stake, a rise in used car prices — drove speculators to close out their bets in case the stock turned the corner.
The amount of shares available in the market, moreover, is relatively thin, given that two firms, SRS Investment Management and Pentwater Capital Management LP, together own over 70% of them. In a filing late on Thursday, Pentwater disclosed it acquired some Avis shares by exercising some call options on April 21, right before the rout began.
SRS declined to comment, while Pentwater did not reply to multiple requests for comment.
“It was heavily shorted, but some other non-retail flow likely triggered the initial short squeeze,” said Vanda Research global macro strategist Viraj Patel. The fact that “retail aren’t buying here may be one explanation for why this hasn’t been another GameStop moment of sustained short squeeze.”
Avis briefly captured the interest of individual investors in 2021, when low-cost online brokers and near-zero interest rates revived day trading and lifted speculative assets of all types. That crowd pumped up Avis’s stock in November 2021, when the company hopped onto the bandwagon of electric vehicles, a market obsession of the time.
But they played only a bit part this time. Retail investors were only net buyers on three days this month, Vanda data through Thursday shows. The options market, which played a major role in creating the meme stocks, was also muted this time around: In fact, more puts than calls traded on Avis on the way up, if anything a sign that some investors may have been fading the rally.
The sharp moves continued Friday, when it closed down another 11% after swinging wildly between gains and losses all session. Yet Wall Street analysts have grown more bearish on the company — with those at JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Barclays Plc recently advising clients to sell the stock — and short sellers say it may have room to fall further.
Bruce Cox, president and portfolio manager at Harrington Alpha Fund, who was among those who shorted Avis, said he thinks that things are going to get “a lot worse” for the stock.
First New York’s Rai said the chaos could be far from over.
“It’s going to swing around a bit because the technicals are so skewed,” he said. “This is the dream set up for a trader.”
--With assistance from David Marino, Bailey Lipschultz, Bernard Goyder and Hema Parmar.
(Updates stock move in seventeenth paragraph.)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
‘I Have Half of MAGA’: The Republican Challenging Trump From Within
United’s CEO Is Here to Buy Your Struggling Airline
Why If the War Doesn’t End Soon, Everyone Will Pay
AI Startup Has Helped Reverse Thousands of Denied Health Insurance Claims
The Humble Bean Gets a High-End Glow-Up
©2026 Bloomberg L.P.