Title: 1 Glimmer of Hope for Hard-Hit Nike Stock: Teens Love Nike
Date: 2026-04-14 09:35
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/14/1-glimmer-of-hope-for-hard-hit-nike-stock-teens-lo/?.tsrc=rss

Content:
This troubled apparel stock might see growth return if it can stay popular with younger consumers. People who grew up in the 1990s might remember Nike ( NKE +3.01% ) as one of the coolest brands on Earth, with trend-setting designs in athletic footwear and apparel. This is the company that created Air Jordans and made athletic shoes into the new casual wear for everyday life. With its iconic swoosh logo, this company didn't just make sports gear -- it shaped the culture and inspired human performance. Wearing Nike was like social media for young people before social media existed. But in the past few years, NKE has fallen behind the best apparel stocks . The company is facing tighter competition for what's now called "athleisure" and new entrants into the market for casual shoes. Nike's share price is down 68% in the past five years and has fallen about 75% from its all-time high in November 2021.  NKE data by YCharts Can anything turn NKE around? A recent survey from Piper Sandler shows one surprising sign of hope: Young American consumers still love the Nike brand. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. Let's see if this company's popularity with U.S. teenagers could be enough to turn the stock around. The most recent Piper Sandler Taking Stock With Teens® survey was published in October 2025, based on the opinions of nearly 11,000 U.S. teenagers about their favorite retail brands and how they like to shop. Nike ranked No. 1 among teens for top clothing brand and top footwear brand. When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 975 %* — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 193 % for the S&P 500. They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now, available when you join Stock Advisor. *Stock Advisor returns as of April 15, 2026. Image source: Getty Images. According to the survey, 26% of teens said Nike was their favorite clothing brand, compared to 12% for Hollister, the second-ranked brand. And 46% of teens said Nike was their favorite footwear brand, which far outpaced Adidas (14%) and New Balance (8%). Nike even ranked favorably among teens for online shopping. Although e-commerce giant Amazon ranked No. 1 for teens' favorite shopping website with 54% of teens, Nike tied for a distant second with Shein (5% each). This company has a powerful brand that has staying power with today's young generation of teenagers. But is that enough to save NKE stock ? Here's the problem for NKE shareholders: No matter how popular the company is with U.S. teenagers, it is struggling to keep up with changing consumer preferences in one of its most important markets: China. In its latest quarterly earnings report on March 31, Nike reported a disappointing 7% year-over-year decline in revenue from the Greater China market. And executives forecast more bad news: They expect a revenue decline of 2% to 4% in the current quarter, with a 20% drop in sales in China. Even if the young generation of American consumers stays loyal to Nike, this stock will struggle to recover if the company can't boost sales in crucial international markets like China. NKE investors should prepare for more share price declines . Unless investors see some good news soon, I wouldn't rate NKE as a buy.     Before you buy stock in Nike , consider this: The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Nike wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $556,335 !* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,160,572 !* Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor ’s total average return is 975 % — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 193 % for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor , and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors. See the 10 stocks › *Stock Advisor returns as of April 15, 2026.  Ben Gran has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Amazon and Nike. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 55 Metas . What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited. Continue ›  *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services. Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. © 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool . All rights reserved. Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io . About The Motley Fool Our Services Around the Globe Free Tools Affiliates & Friends *Returns as of April 15, 2026. **$149 for 2 years is a promotional price for new members only. Renews at current list price of $199 after 2nd year.