Title: Insider Trading Cases Threaten Reckoning for Prediction Markets
Date: 2026-04-25 16:50
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/insider-trading-cases-threaten-reckoning-165033499.html?.tsrc=rss

(Bloomberg) -- Prediction markets have quickly grown from a niche corner of finance to a multibillion-dollar industry with big Wall Street investment, but a growing list of insider trading allegations is bringing concerns about the platforms all the way to the White House. Most Read from Bloomberg The Billion-Barrel Hormuz Oil Shock Is About to Crash Demand Gunman Detained, Trump Evacuated After Shooting at Press Dinner Trump Scraps US Trip for Iran Talks, Leaving Ceasefire in Limbo Google Plans to Invest Up to $40 Billion in Anthropic The Hottest Phone for Kids Right Now Is a $100 Landline The most significant development came on Thursday afternoon, when prosecutors announced charges against Gannon Ken Van Dyke, a US soldier who allegedly took advantage of classified intelligence to win more than $400,000 betting on the capture of Nicolás Maduro in Venezuela. The indictment came not long after French authorities said that they were probing whether someone had tampered with a weather station that was used to settle prediction market bets on the temperature in Paris. Those bets, and the Venezuela trades both happened on Polymarket, the largest international prediction market. Earlier in the week, Polymarket’s main rival, Kalshi Inc., said that it suspended and fined three congressional candidates for betting on their own races. President Donald Trump told reporters in the Oval Office, right after Van Dyke’s criminal charges were announced, that he didn’t like prediction markets “conceptually” and was “not happy” with them, calling the world “somewhat of a casino.” The comments marked a shift for an administration that had largely taken a supportive approach to the nascent industry. As recently as a few weeks ago, Trump spoke glowingly about the exchanges and their forecasts of his 2024 election win, saying that they were more reliable than “fake polls.” His son Donald Trump Jr. advises both Polymarket and Kalshi, while the president’s media company has announced plans to enter the industry. Trump’s willingness to voice skepticism of the industry is the most visible sign of a fresh reckoning with the legal problems presented by prediction markets, which have exploded in popularity over the last year by making it possible to bet on almost anything, from movie awards ceremonies to geopolitical events. Democrats in Congress — and state lawmakers — have recently proposed several pieces of legislation aimed at cracking down on the industry. “There’s a huge amount of attention right now that somebody has to do something,” said Andrew Verstein, a law professor at UCLA who testified on the issue last week at a congressional hearing on fraud and exploitation in capital markets. “Polymarket saw that this story was not going to go away, and the DOJ saw that this story was worth doing and was not going to go away.”