Title: Marvell Shares Rise on Reports of Talks with Alphabet Inc’s (GOOGL) Google to Create Two AI Chips
Date: 2026-04-25 05:57
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/marvell-shares-rise-reports-talks-055737487.html?.tsrc=rss

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is one of the 8 Best AI Stocks to Buy According to Billionaire Ken Griffin. On April 20, 2026, Reuters reported that Marvell Technology’s stock went up about 5% after The Information revealed that Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL)’s Google is in talks with the chip manufacturer to produce two AI-focused chips. The story claimed sources that described a memory processing unit to supplement Google’s tensor processing units, as well as a new TPU geared to run AI models more effectively. The negotiations show Google’s efforts to extend its reach beyond Broadcom as the market for AI chips grows. Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL)’s Google presently uses TPUs for model training and inference, with Broadcom providing design support. Photo by Firmbee.com on Unsplash AJ Bell’s investment director, Russ Mould, told Reuters that competitors want to grab growth by creating their own chips, while customers want to diversify their supply chains. Marvell shares have gone up by around 64% year to date after losing 23% in 2025. Last month, Nvidia spent $2 billion on Marvell to enable custom chip development, whereas Meta recently expanded its cooperation with Broadcom. Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is a holding firm that invests in software, healthcare, transportation, and other technology. It operates in three segments: Google Services, Google Cloud, and Other Bets. While we acknowledge the potential of GOOGL as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on thebest short-term AI stock. READ NEXT:33 Stocks That Should Double in 3 YearsandCathie Wood 2026 Portfolio: 10 Best Stocks to Buy. Disclosure: None.Follow Insider Monkey on Google News.