Title: Exxon Sees First-Quarter Production Loss of 6% on Iran War
Date: 2026-04-08 16:35
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/exxon-sees-6-worldwide-output-104736391.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian. 
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
Nike set the stage for a turnaround, but global events keep getting in its way
Bank of America rips up its economic forecasts as it braces for $100 oil all year on Iran war disruptions
(Bloomberg) -- Exxon Mobil Corp. lost 6% of its global production in the first quarter as the Iran war paralyzed oil and natural gas operations in the Persian Gulf.
The Strait of Hormuz’s closure over the past five weeks have severely affected Exxon’s operations in the United Arab Emirates and Qatar, where it owns stakes in the giant Las Raffan liquefied natural gas complex, the company said in a statement Wednesday. Those two nations account for about 20% of Exxon’s global annual production.
Exxon, which also said first-quarter earnings from its energy-products division would be dragged down by the conflict, is among the first of the international supermajors to disclose the war’s impacts on assets it owns or helps operate in and around the Gulf. The proposed two-week pause in hostilities between the US and Iran prompted oil prices to drop 13% to about $95 a barrel.
Exxon shares fell 6.3% as energy stocks fell broadly in response to the ceasefire plans. The company is scheduled to release complete quarterly results on May 1.
Two LNG production lines, or trains, in Qatar in which Exxon owns stakes were damaged by Iranian missile strikes last month. They typically make up about 3% of the company’s overall production, it said. Qatar has estimated that the LNG facility will lose about $20 billion in annual revenue because of the damage and could take between three and five years to repair.
“Public reports indicate the damage will take a prolonged period to repair,” Exxon said. “Pending an on-site evaluation, we are unable to comment on the length of time before the two trains return to normal operations.”
Also See: Qatar Begins Work to Resume LNG Production After Ceasefire
European rival Shell Plc also published first-quarter guidance on Wednesday, in which it reported “significantly higher” trading profits and lower quarterly gas production amid the war.
Meanwhile, first-quarter earnings at Exxon’s energy-products division, which includes refining and trading, will take a hit of about $3.7 billion due to price volatility and the timing of cargoes, the company said.
“These impacts will unwind over time and will result in net positive profit once the underlying transactions are complete,” Chief Financial Officer Neil Hansen said. “These are sound trades and the profitability that will result from them will be material.”
These paper losses will be partly offset by gains of about $2.1 billion and $400 million from surging crude and natural gas prices, respectively in the period. Excluding the timing effects, per-share earnings are likely to be higher in the first quarter than the prior quarter.
Chief Executive Officer Darren Woods has increased output more than 30% in the past three years to the equivalent of almost 5 million barrels a day via acquisitions and aggressive growth projects. The company plans to grow its Permian Basin production about 12% this year to 1.8 million barrels of oil equivalent a day, which will partly help offset production losses from the Middle East.
Big Oil executives have consistently warned that financial markets have underestimated the severity of the conflict’s impact on energy supplies.
The war “has upended the perception of the Gulf as a safe and investable hub,” JPMorgan Chase & Co. strategists wrote in an April 6 note. “Countries such as Qatar and Kuwait face severe near-term growth hits, with the broader region likely to suffer longer-term damage” to foreign investment.
(Updates market prices and details throughout.)
More stories like this are available on bloomberg.com
©2026 Bloomberg L.P.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
