Title: What Can Investors Expect from Bank Earnings?
Date: 2026-04-08 22:37
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/investors-expect-bank-earnings-223700796.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian. 
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
Nike set the stage for a turnaround, but global events keep getting in its way
Bank of America rips up its economic forecasts as it braces for $100 oil all year on Iran war disruptions
Note: The following is an excerpt from this week’s Earnings Trends report. You can access the full report that contains detailed historical actual and estimates for the current and following periods, please click here>>>
Here are the key points:
Total S&P 500 earnings in the first quarter of 2026 are currently expected to increase by +13.0% from the same period last year on +9.2% higher revenues. This would follow the +14% increase in earnings on +9.1% higher revenues in the preceding period (2025 Q4).
 
Estimates for 2026 Q1 and full-year 2026 remain positive, with the favorable revisions trend firmly in place even after the start of the Middle East conflict.
 
Estimates for the Energy sector notably moved higher in March, but estimates have also increased for 7 other sectors, including Tech, Finance, Construction, Basic Materials, and Transportation.  
 
Companies with fiscal quarters ending in February have been reporting quarterly results that get counted as part of the March-quarter tally. To date, we have seen such February-quarter results from 19 S&P 500 members. Total earnings for these 19 index members are up +79.7% from the same period last year on +15.6% higher revenues, with 73.7% beating EPS estimates and 84.2% beating revenue estimates.
 
JPMorgan JPM, Citigroup C, and Wells Fargo WFC kick off the March-quarter reporting cycle for the Finance sector on April 14th. Bank stocks, in general, and these three stocks in particular, have enjoyed a strong rebound following the Iran war ceasefire announcement, which has raised hopes that threats to the economy from high oil prices will be resolved. Banks are cyclical businesses, so any real or perceived reduction in economic risks is positive for their outlook.
The chart below shows the performance of JPMorgan, Citigroup, and Wells Fargo shares relative to the S&P 500 since the start of the Iran conflict.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
The revisions trend is mixed for these three banks, with Q1 estimates for Citigroup and JPMorgan modestly down in recent weeks, while the same for Wells Fargo are a tad higher.
JPMorgan is expected to earn $5.41 per share on $48.2 billion in revenues, representing year-over-year changes of +6.7% and +6.4%, respectively. Citigroup and Wells Fargo are benefiting from easy comparisons, helping their expected Q1 earnings to show growth rates of +34.2% and +23.6%, respectively.
Total Q1 earnings for the Zacks Investment Banks/Managers industry, of which JPMorgan, Citigroup, and Wells Fargo are a part, are expected to increase by +6.1% from the same period last year on +9.8% higher revenues, as the table below shows.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
In terms of these banks’ business mix, most of the growth will be coming from the core banking franchises, with investment banking activities largely stable. On the core banking side, loan growth is expected to show noticeable improvement in Q1, accelerating the trend that started in 2025. Individual loan portfolios at these banks will grow at different rates, but they will show the growth pace accelerating from what we saw in the preceding period.
Aggregate Fed data shows loan balances increasing by +7% in Q1 for the entire banking industry. For context, loan growth has been trending below historical averages over the past three years, but the pace has started to improve in 2025 and appears on track to return to historical growth rates this year. The favorable outlook for loan portfolios bodes well for net interest income in Q1 and beyond, even though the yield curve has lost some of its steepness in recent weeks.
On the investment banking front, we should get solid numbers from the capital markets side of the business, particularly on the equity capital markets front. But M&A activities have been underwhelming, reflecting the effects of geopolitical uncertainties. Trading revenues remained robust in Q1, with mid-quarter updates in February indicating growth rates in the +10% to +15% range.
Aggregate trends on the credit quality front have been benign, as reflected in household and commercial delinquencies, bankruptcies, debt-service, and other metrics. But the market’s focus will be private-credit exposure for banks, as the space has been in the spotlight lately for its exposure to the software and data-center industries.
For the Finance sector as a whole, Q1 earnings are expected to increase by +19.6% on +9% higher revenues, which will follow the sector’s +17.3% earnings growth on +7.4% higher revenues in the preceding period. The chart below shows the earnings and revenue growth picture for the Zacks Finance sector on a quarterly basis.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
The chart below shows the sector’s earnings growth picture on an annual basis.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
The Finance sector is the second largest earnings contributor to the S&P 500 index, behind only the Tech sector, accounting for 17.3% of the index’s expected forward 12-month earnings.
The chart below shows S&P 500 expectations for 2026 Q1 in terms of what was achieved in the preceding four periods and what is currently expected for the following three quarters.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
The chart below shows the overall earnings picture for the S&P 500 index on an annual basis.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
An interesting development on the revisions front has been the evolution of full-year 2026 estimates since the start of the Iran war. No surprises in the trend reversal in Energy sector estimates since the start of March, but estimates for 8 other sectors have also moved higher in that time period. The Tech sector’s positive revisions trend has continued in this period, while the revisions trends for the Basic Materials and Consumer Staples sectors shifted from negative to positive since the start of March.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Wells Fargo & Company (WFC) : Free Stock Analysis Report
JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Citigroup Inc. (C) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
