Title: Bond Rally Fades as Iran Says Ceasefire Violated
Date: 2026-04-08 23:10
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/treasuries-rise-ceasefire-spurs-oil-013010676.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian. 
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
Nike set the stage for a turnaround, but global events keep getting in its way
Bank of America rips up its economic forecasts as it braces for $100 oil all year on Iran war disruptions
(Bloomberg) -- Treasuries wiped out an early rally after an Iranian official said the ceasefire deal with the US had been violated.
US government debt had gained overnight, and traders slightly increased their wagers on a Federal Reserve interest-rate cut this year, after the announcement on Tuesday evening of a two-week truce between the US and Iran. The ceasefire — after weeks of war — caused oil to plunge, easing some inflation concerns.
But in Wednesday afternoon New York trading, some of those moves unraveled after Iranian Parliament Speaker Mohammad-Bagher Ghalibaf said in a statement that three clauses of the ceasefire proposal have been violated. Oil remained lower by more than 10%, but the benchmark two-year Treasury note, the coupon that’s most attuned to expectations for Fed policy, erased its gain for the day, to yield about 3.79%.
The earlier advance in Treasuries echoed heftier gains in European government debt markets. Optimism for an eventual peace deal helped to relieve some concern surrounding an oil-driven surge in global inflation and its impact on the path of central banks.
Interest-rate swaps implied traders see less than a one-in-three chance that the Fed delivers a quarter-point reduction by the end of 2026. Earlier in the day, they’d boosted those wagers to reflect a 50% possibility of a cut.
“The important part of all of this is trying to filter out the noise and does this really change the outlook in a major way for the economy or for inflation?” Kevin Flanagan, head of investment strategy at WisdomTree, said earlier in the day. “Our viewpoint was we were going to continue to have moderate growth and above Fed target inflation. I don’t think any of that has changed.”
The White House said the US would hold direct talks with Iran even as continued fighting in the Middle East, punctuated by Israeli strikes in Lebanon, threatened to derail the ceasefire in the six-week conflict.
Europe Leads
Earlier, US yields fell, trailing steeper yield declines in most European bond markets, reflecting the region’s greater exposure to soaring energy prices. The US 10-year yield was flat in New York afternoon trading, at about 4.3%, after dipping to around 4.23%.
Short-maturity euro-zone and UK yields plunged earlier as traders slashed wagers on rate hikes by the European Central Bank and Bank of England. As part of the two-week truce, Tehran agreed to reopen the Strait of Hormuz, a crucial transit route for oil and gas shipments.
“You can take out more hikes from the European central banks,” Myles Bradshaw, head of global aggregate strategies at JPMorgan Asset Management, said on Bloomberg TV. “The inflation shock is relatively small and what’s uncertain is the growth shock,” he added, saying the economy was in a more vulnerable position than when Russia invaded Ukraine in 2022. “In that world, central banks will err on the side of caution.”
Markets had been pricing in stable or falling rates in Europe before the war stoked concerns that inflation would accelerate globally. Since the US and Israel launched strikes against Iran on Feb. 28, yields in Europe soared to multi-year highs and gauges of market volatility posted a record surge. US Treasuries also sold off sharply, leading Treasuries to post their biggest monthly loss since 2024 in March.
Oil tumbled after Trump announced the truce on Tuesday, roughly 90 minutes before his deadline for Iran to reopen the strait or face a massive military bombardment.
But while falling energy costs should ease the pressure on policymakers to act to keep inflation in check, some investors say it is too soon to sound the all-clear.
“A lot of negotiation needs to take place before we can say this is over,” said Matthew Amis, an investment manager at Aberdeen. “Markets are going to be even more sensitive to headline risk over the next two weeks, therefore this doesn’t feel like a one way move in yields just yet.”
At the depth of the rout last month, swaps implied four rate hikes from the ECB and BOE this year, with the first expected as early as this month. By Wednesday, the expectations had dwindled to just two quarter-point increases from the ECB and one from the BOE later this year.
If the ceasefire holds, the next challenge for investors will be to assess the extent of damage to energy infrastructure and the knock-on impact for energy prices in the coming months. Much will now depend on how quickly transit through Hormuz can resume.
--With assistance from Ruth Carson, Alice Atkins, Sujata Rao, Miles J. Herszenhorn, James Hirai and Michael MacKenzie.
(Corrects spelling of Iranian Parliament speaker’s name in third paragraph)
More stories like this are available on bloomberg.com
©2026 Bloomberg L.P.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
