Title: Geopolitical Risks are Seriously High. Why I’d Shift to Dividends for Safety and Stability
Date: 2026-04-09 17:05
URL: https://247wallst.com/investing/2026/04/09/geopolitical-risks-are-seriously-high-why-id-shift-to-dividends-for-safety-and-stability/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Investing
Stocks mentioned: Verizon (VZ) trades at 11.8x trailing P/E with a dividend yield approaching 6% and a low beta of 0.27 offering downside protection during geopolitical volatility, while Exxon Mobil (XOM) fell over 4% as oil dipped below $100 per barrel but offers a 2.5% yield and serves as a hedge against future oil price spikes amid Strait of Hormuz uncertainty.
The U.S.-Iran ceasefire remains fragile with potential closure of the Strait of Hormuz and Iran reportedly considering tolls on ships, creating persistent oil price volatility that could shift from the $100+ levels currently feared.
Are you ahead, or behind on retirement? SmartAsset's free tool can match you with a financial advisor in minutes to help you answer that today. Each advisor has been carefully vetted, and must act in your best interests. Don't waste another minute; learn more here.(Sponsor)

					Sending You to Google News in 3

© 2022 Getty Images / Getty Images News via Getty Images


The markets might be breathing a sigh of relief after the two-week U.S.-Iran ceasefire agreement, but that doesn’t mean it’s time to let our guards down, especially since things are off to a turbulent start following Israel’s attack on Lebanon. Undoubtedly, the more than 1,300-point gain enjoyed by the Dow Jones Industrial Average could easily be given back if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed and we don’t gain clarity into what happens next. With Iran reportedly looking into setting a “toll booth” for ships moving through, let’s just say that things are complicated in the early days of the ceasefire.
In any case, investors should be prepared to hang in there as geopolitical uncertainties stay on the high end. And given oil can jump several dollars in any given day, the days of $100 oil (or higher) might not be over with quite yet. Once the Strait finally does open for business again, another several dollars could be wiped off the oil price, but until then, investors might wish to consider battening down the hatches, especially if the Iran crisis has hit one’s portfolio extra hard.
So, what’s a good place to get paid dividends while experiencing less day-to-day market choppiness?
Verizon (NYSE:VZ | VZ Price Prediction) looks like a tempting buy on the dip while the yield inches closer to 6% again. The telecom titan, which clocked in one of its best quarters in a while, is now in the process of rolling over. The stock is off more than 6% from its peak and might be at risk of a further plunge as investors look to rotate back into the risk-on plays again.
While the technical picture doesn’t look great, the beta, currently at 0.27, could make the stock a great safe haven from the geopolitical storm. As the telecom looks to follow up with another strong quarter while continuing to raise the bar on the dividend, I’d not look away from the play now that CEO Dan Schulman has seemingly found a way to turn the tide.
Are you ahead, or behind on retirement? SmartAsset's free tool can match you with a financial advisor in minutes to help you answer that today. Each advisor has been carefully vetted, and must act in your best interests. Don't waste another minute; learn more here.(Sponsor)
Verizon is saving big money this year, and as the firm garners subscriber momentum, it might find itself with more than enough extra cash to give back to investors (buybacks and dividend increases). Indeed, debt was a huge problem for Verizon, but given its new trajectory, I think the firm is well on its way to becoming a financially flexible cash cow again. Add the potential for an AI-driven smartphone supercycle into the equation, and it’s tough to pass on Verizon shares at just 11.8 times trailing price-to-earnings (P/E).
Exxon Mobil (NYSE:XOM) shares got crushed, dipping over 4% on Wednesday as oil prices imploded below $100 per barrel. It seems like the big oil trade is done and over. But until the Strait of Hormuz situation is cleared up, there’s no telling where oil will finish the month. Either way, Exxon Mobil is positioned to win whichever direction oil heads next.
As investors rush out of the stock at the first signs of a reversing oil price, I’d look to pick up a few shares on the dip, not as a stability or safety play, but as a way to hedge against another spike in oil prices. The company also clocked in its latest first-quarter results, which didn’t soothe investor fears on a day that saw oil plunge below $95 per barrel. The 6% production drop may be a tad concerning to some, but it was really no surprise given the blockage in the Strait of Hormuz.
Of course, the 2.5% yield and longer-term narrative are still in play, but amid the war in Iran, it’s all about oil prices. And if you’re still up at night over the conflict in the Middle East and the potential for an oil shock, I’d argue that watching the big oil plays into weakness could be the move that helps investors better prepare their portfolio at a slight discount. Oil shocks happen every so often, and it’s the premier energy titans that tend to act as terrific portfolio diversifiers when all else fails.
Retirement planning doesn’t have to feel overwhelming. The key is finding expert guidance, and SmartAsset’s simple quiz makes it easier than ever for you to connect with a vetted financial advisor. Here’s how:
Answer a few simple questions
Get Matched with Vetted Advisors 
Choose Your  Fit 
Why wait? Start building the retirement you’ve always dreamed of. Get started today! (sponsor)
 

Joey is a 24/7 Wall St. contributor and seasoned investment writer whose work can also be found in publications such as The Motley Fool and TipRanks. Holding a B.A.Sc in Computer Engineering from the University of British Columbia (UBC), Joey has leveraged his technical background to provide insightful stock analyses to readers.
Joey's investment philosophy is heavily influenced by Warren Buffett's value investing principles. As a dedicated Buffett disciple, Joey is committed to unearthing value in the tech sector and beyond.
Our top personal finance-related articles today. Your wallet will thank you later.
Oil prices shot above the $100 per-barrel mark again last week, as the war in Iran took a troubling turn.…
Oil closed out 2025 at $57.26 a barrel. Today, it is trading above $90. That kind of move in crude…
Summary: With rising geopolitical tensions and their potential impact on global oil markets, many are wondering how conflicts like that…
Bond funds have taken some small backward steps in recent weeks, thanks in part to the rising risk of Fed…
Exxon Mobil (NYSE:XOM | XOM Price Prediction) shares are down 5% in midday trading on Wednesday, and Chevron (NYSE:CVX) shares…
The war in Iran has thrust the energy sector into extreme volatility once again. Oil prices have surged to around…
The Iran war has caused an oil shock that’s adding more pressure to the broad markets. With the Nasdaq Composite…
WTI crude is still near $90, up from $57 at the start of the year. That move did not happen…
Every time the war between the U.S. and Iran seems to be heading towards a resolution, the market has always…
