Title
Foldable iPhones Are Reportedly Still on Track for September. Should You Buy AAPL Stock Here?

Date
2026-04-09 16:07

URL
https://www.barchart.com/story/news/1224924/foldable-iphones-are-reportedly-still-on-track-for-september-should-you-buy-aapl-stock-here?.tsrc=rss

Content
All information and data in this article is solely for informational purposes. For more information please view the Barchart Disclosure Policyhere
Share
Earlier this week, a report fromNikkei Asiaclaimed that Apple’s(AAPL)foldable iPhone wasfacing engineering challengesthat could delay the expected September 2026 launch if not resolved. This news resulted in AAPL stock losing about 4% value intraday on April 7, although shares recovered from the day's low. Most of the loss in value was recovered the same day after aBloombergreport suggested that Apple is actuallyon track for the September launch. So, which piece of news should investors take to be true?
The market reaction suggests thatBloombergis right.Nikkei Asiabased its conclusion on news that some component suppliers had been notified of the possibility of a delay. The reason for this delay, however, isn’t clear. Engineering challenges just six months before launch are unlikely, especially when the phone is expected to be available in a limited supply anyway.
Having said that, it is still possible that both reports are right here. Apple might be facing issues in ramping up production, which is consistent with the timing. However, Apple may also be able to launch the product in limited supply on time, especially if the hurdles are limited to mass production and not the phones themselves.
Apple is a global manufacturer, designer, and marketer of smartphones, PCs, tablets, wearables, and accessories. The company provides Macs, iPads, iPhones, wearables like the Apple Watch, and more as well as AppleCare support, cloud services, streaming through Apple TV+, and advertising services. Founded in 1976, the company is based in Cupertino, California.
The performance of AAPL stock has outpaced the broader S&P 500 Index($SPX). Shares have posted returns of about 30% in the last 12 months while the S&P 500 has gained around 24% during the same period. However, the stock has fallen 5% year-to-date (YTD), which is slightly worse than the index's drop of 1%.
Apple stock is trading exactly where it was 18 months ago. In the most recent quarter, the company reported year-over-year (YOY) earnings growth of more than 18%. For the current quarter, Apple is expected to maintainearnings growth in the 13% to 14% range.
In this context, the forward price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio of 30 times, compared to the five-year average of 28.7 times, looks appealing. The forward price-to-book ratio also trades at a discount compared to the five-year average. AAPL stock is trading cheap relative to its own historic valuation, yet investors continue to pay a premium compared to the S&P 500 mainly because of the strong ecosystem that the company commands through its devices and services.
Appleposted its first-quarter fiscal 2026 earnings reporton Jan. 29. Revenue for the quarter came in at $143.8 billion, marking impressive growth of 16% YOY. Notably, the companyreported $85.3 billion in iPhone revenue, representing a 23% YOY increase. Net incomereached $42.1 billion, while diluted EPS was $2.84. Operating cash flow reached a record high of $53.9 billion as well. At the end of the quarter, Apple had $145 billion in cash and marketable securities.
Management expects total revenue for the March quarter to increase 13% to 16% YOY. Gross margin is projected to be in a range between 48% and 49%, while operating expenses are forecast at a range of $18.4 billion to $18.7 billion. The company's huge cash pile continues to remain a question mark amid its apparent lack of innovation in AI and refusal to spend money on AI infrastructure like the rest of the hyperscalers.
On April 7, Evercore ISI analyst Amit Daryanani reaffirmed an “Outperform” rating on AAPL stock along with a price target of $330. The analyst also questioned the accuracy of reports suggesting a delay in the company’s first foldable iPhone. The firm still expects thefoldable iPhoneto launch in September and maintains its rating on shares. In February, Goldman Sachs also reiterated its “Buy” rating with a price target of $330.
Based on 42 analysts with coverage, Apple stock has aconsensus “Moderate Buy” rating. The strong analyst support reflects analysts’ confidence in the company’s growth potential. AAPL stock has a mean price target of $296.04, offering 14% potential upside from current levels.
Stocks:1520minute delay (Cboe BZX is real-time), ET. Volume reflects consolidated markets. Futures and Forex: 10 or 15 minute delay, CT.Market Datapowered by Barchart Solutions. Fundamental data provided by Zacks andMorningstar.
© 2026 Barchart.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Please check your inbox for a link to activate your My Barchart Account.
If you do not receive the email within a few minutes check your spam folder
		orcontact our support teamfor assistance.
Complete required fields to continue.
Enter a valid email.
Please complete the reCAPTCHA to continue.
Please complete the reCAPTCHA to continue.
Please enter a valid email
Only one value is allowed.
First or Last name cannot contain ‘http’.
Oops, something went wrong. Please refresh the page and try again.
Password must be at least 8 characters.
Please complete the reCAPTCHA to continue.
We could not locate an account that uses this email address. Try again,create an account, orcontact our support team for assistance.
By Continuing, you agree to theTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy.
The content we make available on this website [and through our other channels] (the “Service”) was created, developed, compiled, prepared, revised, selected, and/or arranged by us, using our own methods and judgment, and through the expenditure of substantial time and effort. This Service and the content we make available are proprietary, and are protected by these Terms of Service (which is a contract between us and you), copyright laws, and other intellectual property laws and treaties. This Service is also protected as a collective work or compilation under U.S. copyright and other laws and treaties. We provide it for your personal, non-commercial use only.
You may not use, and may not authorize any third party to use, this Service or any content we make available on this Service in any manner that (i) is a source of or substitute for the Service or the content; (ii) affects our ability to earn money in connection with the Service or the content; or (iii) competes with the Service we provide. These restrictions apply to any robot, spider, scraper, web crawler, or other automated means or any similar manual process, or any software used to access the Service. You further agree not to violate the restrictions in any robot exclusion headers of this Service, if any, or bypass or circumvent other measures employed to prevent or limit access to the Service by automated means.
