Title
These 3 Companies Are Cash-Generating Machines

Date
2026-04-10 00:21

URL
https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/3-companies-cash-generating-machines-002100315.html?.tsrc=rss

Content
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now
Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation.
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian.
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
Strong cash flows reflect financial stability, allowing companies to pay down debt, pursue growth opportunities, and shell out dividend payments.
These companies are also better equipped to weather downturns, providing another beneficial advantage for investors from a long-term standpoint.
And for those seeking cash-generating machines – Verizon Communications VZ, Broadcom AVGO, and Apple AAPL – fit the criteria nicely.
Apple has long been a cash-generating machine, providing shareholders with many benefits over the years, including higher dividend payouts. In fact, Apple has paid higher dividends for 13 consecutive years, owing to its shareholder-friendly nature.
Its strong ability to generate cash has also allowed it to trade at relatively higher valuation multiples over the years, somewhat transitioning to a safe tech play given that its heavy-growth phase has primarily passed.
Shares yield a modest 0.4% annually, though the company’s 5.0% five-year annualized dividend growth helps bridge the gap. On a trailing twelve-month basis, the tech titan has generated a massive $98.8 billion in free cash flow.
Below is a chart illustrating its cash free flow on a quarterly basis.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Strong cash generation has placed Verizon on many income-focused investors’ lists over the years, with its low volatility also highly appealing. The company has posted $20.1 billion in free cash flow over a trailing twelve-month period, with shares currently yielding 5.6% annually.
Below is a chart illustrating the company’s free cash flow on a quarterly basis.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
It’s important to note that the earnings picture for VZ has also become bullish over recent months, with analysts revising their EPS expectations modestly higher across the board.
Like Apple, Broadcom is also known for its cash-generating abilities, with the favorable demand environment fueled by the AI revolution brightening the picture nicely. Free cash flow of $8.0 billion grew 33% YoY throughout its 2026 Q1 period, reflecting a quarterly record for the seventh consecutive quarter.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Keep in mind that the company’s strong cash generation has also enabled it to reward its shareholders with growing dividend payouts over its history, currently sporting a 13.1% five-year annualized dividend growth rate. The stock offers a strong blend of high growth and income, attracting both income-focused and growth investors alike.
Bottom Line
Companies with strong cash-generating abilities are great targets, as they have plenty of cash to fuel growth, pay out dividends, initiate buybacks, and easily wipe out debt. And as mentioned above, these companies are better equipped to handle an economic downturn, undeniably a positive.
For those seeking cash-generators, all three companies above –Verizon VZ, Broadcom AVGO, and Apple AAPL – fit the criteria nicely.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report
Apple Inc. (AAPL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Broadcom Inc. (AVGO) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
