Title: 2 Healthcare Stocks for Long-Term Investors and 1 We Ignore
Date: 2026-04-06 15:31
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/healthcare/articles/2-healthcare-stocks-long-term-153151978.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian. 
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
Nike set the stage for a turnaround, but global events keep getting in its way
Bank of America rips up its economic forecasts as it braces for $100 oil all year on Iran war disruptions
From novel pharmaceuticals to telemedicine, most healthcare companies are on a mission to drive better patient outcomes. Despite the rosy long-term prospects, short-term headwinds such as COVID inventory destocking have harmed the industry’s returns - over the past six months, healthcare stocks have collectively shed 1.5%. This performance was similar to the S&P 500’s decline.
Why should investors avoid Encompass Health stock?
How has the healthcare sector performed recently?
What makes Tenet Healthcare attractive for investors?
Why is Pfizer considered a winner?
Only some companies are subject to these dynamics, however, and a handful of high-quality businesses can deliver earnings growth in any environment. Taking that into account, here are two resilient healthcare stocks at the top of our wish list and one we’re passing on.
Market Cap: $9.68 billion
With a network of 161 specialized facilities across 37 states and Puerto Rico, Encompass Health (NYSE:EHC) operates inpatient rehabilitation hospitals that help patients recover from strokes, hip fractures, and other debilitating conditions.
Why Does EHC Fall Short?
Muted 5% annual revenue growth over the last five years shows its demand lagged behind its healthcare peers
Disappointing comparable store sales over the past two years show customers aren’t responding well to its offerings and value proposition
At $97.39 per share, Encompass Health trades at 16.4x forward P/E. To fully understand why you should be careful with EHC, check out our full research report (it’s free).
Market Cap: $16.36 billion
With a network spanning nine states and serving primarily urban and suburban communities, Tenet Healthcare (NYSE:THC) operates a nationwide network of hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers, and outpatient facilities providing acute care and specialty healthcare services.
Why Do We Like THC?
Performance over the past five years was turbocharged by share buybacks, which enabled its earnings per share to grow faster than its revenue
Free cash flow margin increased by 7.2 percentage points over the last five years, giving the company more capital to invest or return to shareholders
Returns on capital are growing as management capitalizes on its market opportunities
Tenet Healthcare is trading at $188.17 per share, or 11x forward P/E. Is now the right time to buy? Find out in our full research report, it’s free.
Market Cap: $161.1 billion
With roots dating back to 1849 when two German immigrants opened a fine chemicals business in Brooklyn, Pfizer (NYSE:PFE) is a global biopharmaceutical company that discovers, develops, manufactures, and sells medicines and vaccines for a wide range of diseases and conditions.
Why Could PFE Be a Winner?
Existing business lines can expand without risky acquisitions as its organic revenue growth averaged 10.1% over the past two years
Dominant market position is represented by its $62.58 billion in revenue, which creates significant barriers to entry in this highly regulated industry
Adjusted operating profits and efficiency rose over the last two years as it benefited from some fixed cost leverage
Pfizer’s stock price of $28.30 implies a valuation ratio of 9.6x forward P/E. Is now a good time to buy? See for yourself in our comprehensive research report, it’s free.
ONE MORE THING: Top 6 Stocks for This Week. This market is separating quality stocks from expensive ones fast. AI taking down whole sectors with no warning. In a rotation this fast, you need more than a list of good companies.
Our AI system flagged Palantir before it ran 1,662%. AppLovin before it ran 753%. Nvidia before it ran 1,178%. Each week it produces 6 new names that pass the same tests.  Get Our Top 6 Stocks for Free HERE.
Stocks that made our list in 2020 include now familiar names such as Nvidia (+1,326% between June 2020 and June 2025) as well as under-the-radar businesses like the once-micro-cap company Tecnoglass (+1,754% five-year return). Find your next big winner with StockStory today.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
