Title: Dow spikes by over 1,300, oil prices retreat in ceasefire rally
Date: 2026-04-08 20:09
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/dow-spikes-by-over-1300-oil-prices-retreat-in-ceasefire-rally-200929026.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian. 
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
What's changed (and what hasn't) in the year since Trump's 'Liberation Day'
Watch live: President Trump addresses nation as Iran war rattles markets
Nike set the stage for a turnaround, but global events keep getting in its way
Bank of America rips up its economic forecasts as it braces for $100 oil all year on Iran war disruptions
All three of the major indexes (^DJI, ^IXIC, ^GSPC) closed Wednesday's session with colossal gains — the Dow Jones Industrial Average skyrocketed by over 1,320 points (2.85%) and the Nasdaq Composite surged by nearly 620 points (2.8%) — after President Trump announced that Iran agreed to a two-week ceasefire last night.
Yahoo Finance Markets and Data Editor Jared Blikre takes a closer look at the trading day's biggest sector gainers.
Ending the day in monster rally mode as the US and Iran agree to a fragile ceasefire. Let's take a look at the tape here. Dow Jones Industrial Average up 1300 points, 1326. That is good for 2.85%.
Here is the intraday chart and you can see we gapped up and we just held the highs all day long. Very similar chart for the Nasdaq composite up uh just about the same amount. S&P 500 a little bit less, two and a half percent. and the Russell 2000, the small caps up 2.8% as well. So you can go small cap, large cap, mega cap. Here's a magnificent 7 ETF. It was up 2 and a half percent. and I want to call out specifically the Dow Jones transportation average. I'm going to show you a year-to-date chart.
That is a fresh record high, the first one we've had since February. So the Dow Transports and also semiconductors were the first kind of minor indexes today that I saw that were able to clear to new highs. So chip stocks and transports. And uh you take a look at what happened to the Vix today.
The Vix is down significantly. This is a still a year-to-date chart and here are the highs that we had. We had a couple days over 30. We are now inching back towards that 20 level. 20 is a big psychological level. So we'll have to see if that holds there. Uh meanwhile in the bond market, we have uh the 10-year T-note yield down five basis points. That's a pretty big amount to 4.29%.
30 year down uh three basis points to 4.89% and the US dollar index got slaughtered down 8/10th of 1%. Doesn't seem like a lot, but that is a huge amount for the world's reserve currency. So the Dixi down about 8/10th of 1%. Well, let's take a look at the large cap sector action. You're going to see a lot of green, some dark green, industrials, materials, tech, consumer discretionary. Those four cyclical sectors really made the day here. Each of those up 3% except for discretionary, a little bit less than that. Financials also outperforming the S&P 500.
What didn't work today? Not surprisingly, energy. That's says crude oil is down about 15%. We saw that market crash quite a bit there. And I don't always do this, but I'm going to show you small cap sectors as well because we got industrials in small caps up 4%. Tech was up 3.84% and guess what? Small cap tech hit a record high as well. and very similar to our large caps, energy did the worst there. PSCE down about 2.77%.
But let's head on over to the tech heavy Nasdaq 100. You're not going to see a lot of red here, a little bit. There's Tesla down 1%, but check out Meta. Meta up six and a half percent. Broadcom up five, Google four, Apple, uh two, Amazon three and Nvidia two. So pretty broad-based strength here. Now, as I like to do, call out the software sector, you know, kind of mixed here and we've been seeing that's the case uh a lot of these days this year. Palantier down 6%, arguably not strictly software, but still down 6%.
Intuit down five, ServiceNow down 4%. But semiconductors are where the action has been and where we're seeing it today. and you take check out some of the uh big year to date winners like LAM Research, SanDisk, Western Digital. Those up 8, 9, 10% today. And we are also seeing that in the leaders index here. Uh this is just kind of a collection of ETFs that give me a broad measure of sentiment.
The only red we're seeing is that small oil, that small cap oil down here, already showed you that. Software and it looks like uh private equity uh ETF there. But what one big today, that was Korea. EWY up 10%, then we got Sox, that's Philly Chip index. That was up 6 and a half%. then home builders, emerging markets, uh all kinds of country ETFs uh really coming back today after getting hammered over the last month, month and a half, Quantum, Momentum, the list goes on.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
