Title:   C3 Oilfield Services Adds Industry Veteran Trey Clark as Chief Executive Officer, Appoints Trey Clark and Brad Juneau to Board of Directors
Date:    2026-04-13
URL:     https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/energy/articles/c3-oilfield-services-adds-industry-210100549.html?.tsrc=rss
--Article Content--
Oops, something went wrong
Addition of veteran leadership to management and Board of Directors prepares C3 for meaningful growth in 2026 including new operations in the Bakken and Denver-Julesburg Basins
HOUSTON, April 13, 2026--(BUSINESS WIRE)--C3 Oilfield Services("C3"), a leader in improved oil recovery ("IOR") and well revitalization technology, is pleased to announce the appointment ofTrey Clarkas its new Chief Executive Officer and to its Board of Directors.
Mr. Clark joins C3 with over 25 years of leadership experience in the global energy industry and a proven track record of scaling technology-focused businesses. He most recently served as Senior Vice President atMRC Globaland previously held the position of President and CEO atProbe Technologies, where he led significant expansion efforts. His extensive background also includes executive roles atHalliburtonandBaker Hughes. Mr. Clark holds an MBA fromMays Business Schooland a degree in Industrial Distribution fromTexas A&M University.
"We are thrilled to welcome Trey Clark to lead C3 into its next phase of growth," said Tadd Wallace, C3’s founder. "His deep operational expertise and proven track record in deploying advanced oilfield technologies make him the ideal leader to scale our patented wellbore remediation solutions. I am proud of what the team has accomplished and look forward to working with Trey as we grow the business to meet increasing customer demand."
C3’s patented Single Shot™ technology is a waterless service that revitalizes wells and underperforming assets. By combining a proprietary blend of NGLs and chemicals, the company helps operators tackle production issues such as condensate and water blockages, paraffin build-up, and skin damage, often yielding a sustainable boost in production.
"I am excited to join the C3 team at a time when the industry is increasingly focused on production optimization," said Mr. Clark. "C3’s deep expertise and unique technologies provide an efficient solution for operators looking to meaningfully increase production quickly and cost-effectively."
Board of Directors
In addition to Mr. Clark, C3 has appointed Brad Juneau to its Board of Directors. His extensive career in natural resource exploration and development will be invaluable as the company expands operations in additional geographies both in the United States and abroad.
Mr. Juneau is the General Partner of Juneau Exploration, L.P., a company involved in the exploration and production of oil and natural gas. In addition, he is Chief Operating Officer of Highlander Oil and Gas, a company developing ultra-deep wells in South Louisiana. Mr. Juneau currently serves as a director of Talos Energy Inc. and Contango ORE, Inc.
About C3 Oilfield Services
Founded in 2022 and headquartered inHouston, TX, C3 Oilfield Services provides innovative IOR technologies. The company’s Single Shot™ IOR system is designed to revitalize underperforming wells, deliver increased recovery, and defer the cost of abandonment.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20260413599275/en/
Contacts
Media Contact:Joel FineGeneral Counseljoel.fine@lilium-holdings.com(281) 978-4533
linkedin.com/in/trey-clark-a4562320
https://c3oilfieldservices.com/