Title: Meta Sells $25 Billion of Debt as Investor Worry, Fatigue Builds
Date: 2026-04-30 20:35
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/meta-looks-raise-much-25-140755006.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
Powell holds what is expected to be his final press conference as chair after the Fed keeps rates steady
Fed holds interest rates steady with no end to Iran war in sight
Elon Musk testified again in the OpenAI trial, describing his behavior at the company and its nonprofit 'halo'
A Senate committee confirmed Kevin Warsh, sending his nomination to be chairman of the Fed to the full Senate
Stocks slipped at the open as investors awaited a Fed decision and Big Tech earnings
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
(Bloomberg) -- Meta Platforms Inc. sold $25 billion of investment-grade bonds, hitting the market with a jumbo deal for the second time in six months as investors are starting to show some signs of fatigue.
Most Read from Bloomberg
US Seeks to Deploy Hypersonic Missile for the First Time Against Iran
North Korea Confirms Suicide Rule for Soldiers Ukraine Captures
Two NJ Malls Separated by Just Four Miles — and Very Different Fates
Junior Bankers Sick of Grunt Work Build $2 Billion AI Tool to Do the Job
Nearly all of the six portions of the bond sale were priced at higher risk premiums than Meta’s October sale, signaling that investors are demanding more compensation to buy debt from the parent of Facebook. Investors placed orders for $96 billion of the company’s securities at the peak, down from around $125 billion for the prior offering of $30 billion.
There are other signs of growing concern with Meta’s outlook too, as investors worry that the company’s investments in AI won’t pay off.
Shares fell the most in six months, a day after the company released quarterly results and boosted its expected capital expenditures. Costs to protect the company’s debt against default using derivatives hit a fresh record high on Thursday.
Big tech companies are borrowing heavily as they compete for dominance in artificial intelligence. Investors and strategists said that there will likely be more pressure on pricing and terms for AI debt in the future.
“We expect the big glut of tech supply to become a more sustained headwind for spreads,” said Zach Griffiths, head of investment grade and macro strategy at CreditSights.
For Meta’s bond sale, the longest-tenored security maturing in 2066 will yield 1.47 percentage point above Treasuries, one person with direct knowledge of the deal said. That compares with initial price talk of as much as 1.8 percentage point. The 40-year bond that Meta sold in October had a 1.1-percentage-point spread.
Investors have readily absorbed the supply of bonds from tech firms, even during bouts of volatility tied to the conflict in Iran — underscoring relentless demand for exposure to the artificial intelligence boom. But bankers have had to work harder to sell them lately, offering more incentives and higher compensation to investors who are spoiled for choice after a $300 billion debt binge.
The US investment-grade market had $177.5 billion of bond sales in April, by far the month’s second-busiest ever according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
Meta’s debt sale comes a day after the company posted better-than-expected revenue for the first quarter and raised projected 2026 capital expenditures to as much as $145 billion. Other hyperscalers also posted results on Wednesday, and the four biggest firms are now planning to spend as much as $725 billion this year on AI data center equipment and other capital.
Chief Executive Officer Mark Zuckerberg has said Meta will spend hundreds of billions of dollars on AI infrastructure by the end of the decade, and that was before a memory chip shortage triggered a surge in prices. The company has announced billion-dollar deals with Nvidia Corp., Advanced Micro Devices Inc. and Broadcom Inc. for chips and other hardware in 2026 and is building several massive data centers to power its efforts.
Zuckerberg said in a call with analysts Wednesday that he has “confidence” in his decision to further boost AI spending, but that confidence wasn’t reciprocated by Wall Street. Investors balked when the CEO failed to provide details about how Meta plans to make a return on its investment.
Meta doesn’t have “a very precise plan” for how each AI product will be cultivated, Zuckerberg said on the conference call. “I think we have a sense of the shape of where things need to be,” Zuckerberg said, while conceding that his answers might be “unfulfilling.”
--With assistance from Davide Barbuscia, Lynn Doan and Ying Luthra.
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
‘I Have Half of MAGA’: The Republican Challenging Trump From Within
Running America’s Second-Busiest Airport in Turbulent Times
It’s Boating Season, But Only If You Can Afford Fuel
United’s CEO Is Here to Buy Your Struggling Airline
Outrage Over Pesticides Is Alienating Some Trump Voters
©2026 Bloomberg L.P.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio