Title: Nasdaq leads US stocks in monthly gains following April rally
Date: 2026-04-30 20:15
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/nasdaq-leads-us-stocks-in-monthly-gains-following-april-rally-201531873.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
Powell holds what is expected to be his final press conference as chair after the Fed keeps rates steady
Fed holds interest rates steady with no end to Iran war in sight
Elon Musk testified again in the OpenAI trial, describing his behavior at the company and its nonprofit 'halo'
A Senate committee confirmed Kevin Warsh, sending his nomination to be chairman of the Fed to the full Senate
Stocks slipped at the open as investors awaited a Fed decision and Big Tech earnings
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
US stocks (^DJI, ^IXIC, ^GSPC) are on track to post massive monthly gains to close out April, with the Nasdaq Composite rising nearly 20% in that period.
Yahoo Finance Markets and Data Editor Jared Blikre takes a closer look at the market's monthly performance and the latest moves in the tech sector.
Since it's the end of the month, the last trading day, I thought I'd show you what's going on over these last 21 trading days. Russell 2000 up 12%, S&P 500 up 10% and the Nasdaq, guess what, up 15%. This is the best month for the Nasdaq and the S&P 500 since 2020. We're talking about that pandemic rebound. So this is just very impressive price action here.
I'm going to show you uh the VIx here. This is over the whole month. You can see we're closing uh pretty close to the lows of the month. 17 is a pretty good number. I will take that. It's under 20. Picture is worth a thousand words and I got one word for you. That is tech because you take a look at our large cap sector action, XLK in the upper left, that is up 20%.
That is the only one that's doing better than the S&P 500, which is up half of that, which is still very impressive. And you're going to see energy here taking a backseat. So energy stocks kind of, you know, with the situation deescalating, I think it's safe to say, uh energy stocks kind of came down, but tech just really took the ball and ran.
So, this is over the entire month. I'm going to change this to our chips view, and I got some stats here to rattle off that are very impressive. Intel just had its best month ever, up over 110%. AMD, best month since January 2001. Tech, meanwhile, I was mentioning XLK best month since 2002. Marvell since 2001, Micron since 2000, Texas Instruments. We just had an echo of the dot-com bubble. Um, I'm not saying it's going to pop or end the same way, but, you know, the stats are very impressive and that's what we're coming.
You mentioned tech, what about Mag 7 and some of the divergence we see there today?
Yeah, let's take a look at the Mag 7 as well because that's really interesting too. Um, if I take it back to the Nasdaq 100 here, we can see Nvidia up 15% in the upper left, Alphabet up 33%. I got some real quick stats here. Alphabet up 30 plus, best month since October 2004. That was shortly after its IPO. Amazon best since 2022. Uh, some others, you know, not doing quite as well, but the Mag 7, you know, it's been a bifurcated trade for a while.
Here's Tesla only up 3.4%. But these guys are pulling their weight again. For a long time, for like six months, they were just kind of underperforming. Now they are clicking again and that is making all the difference.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio