Title: Nvidia vs. Intel_ Diverging Paths in Quarterly Revenue
Date: 2026-04-30 20:47
URL: https://www.fool.com/coverage/charts/2026/04/30/nvidia-vs-intel-diverging-paths-in-quarterly-revenue/?.tsrc=rss

Nvidia has posted eight consecutive quarters of rising revenue, while Intel's figures have remained largely flat. Explore the financial trends shaping each chip company.
Past revenue performance isn’t always a reliable indicator of the best investment. Intel stock has more than doubled year to date, as it taps into a new wave of demand for its chips. 
Nvidia (NVDA 4.43%) benefits from the strong demand for its superpowerful graphics processing units (GPUs) used in the most advanced artificial intelligence (AI) workloads. It has a much greater scale than Intel (INTC 0.28%), whose central processing units (CPUs) have taken a back seat to GPUs. 
However, Intel shares have rocketed 154% year to date as data center demand is spreading across the semiconductor industry. Intel is benefiting from the growing demand for CPUs serving as the orchestration layer for AI. This shows shifting dynamics taking place in the industry as the data center build-out continues.
Nvidia primarily generates revenue by selling GPUs and networking equipment for data centers, automotive manufacturers, and gaming.
The company posted a stellar 73% year-over-year increase in revenue in the fiscal fourth quarter, with a net income margin of 63%.
Intel earns its revenue by designing and manufacturing CPUs and related technologies for personal computers, cloud providers, and enterprise systems.
This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating
Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason.
It just surprised Wall Street with a strong first-quarter earnings report. Revenue grew 7% year over year — its highest growth rate in eight quarters. It reported a -31% net income margin for the quarter. 
Revenue is the most basic measure of a company’s performance. It shows investors how much money it earned from product sales. Importantly, changes in revenue over time speak volumes about a company’s addressable market, expansion potential, and ability to reach more customers. 
Image source: The Motley Fool.
Data source: Company filings. Data as of April 28, 2026.
Demand for Nvidia’s GPUs and other computing solutions for data centers has sent its revenue sharply higher over the last decade. It has accelerated since 2022, as hyperscalers pour more resources into building cutting-edge data centers for AI.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 979% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 200% for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now…
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 27, 2026
Intel has lost market share in both consumer and enterprise server markets, but it’s starting to find its footing. Its improved growth last quarter shows that the growing use of AI agents, robots, and edge AI use cases is starting to flow through to its revenue performance. 
On a trailing-12-month basis, Nvidia’s revenue is almost $188 billion, towering over Intel’s $53 billion. Nvidia is growing much faster and generates much higher profit margins. Even with improving demand for CPUs, it’s a tall task for Intel to catch Nvidia.
It’s unclear how much Intel’s revenue may accelerate from here. But AI is expanding the semiconductor addressable market to $1 trillion, making it a big market spanning different types of chips. Intel’s guidance calls for second-quarter revenue to increase between 2% to 9% year over year. 
Intel has found a valuable role to play in the AI market, but Nvidia may continue to widen its financial gap as it grows faster off a larger revenue base.

 


 


Before you buy stock in Nvidia, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Nvidia wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $496,797!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,282,815!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 979% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 200% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 30, 2026. 

John Ballard has positions in Nvidia. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Intel and Nvidia. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 55 Metas.
What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating
Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends