Title: 1 Reason Apple Is Still My Favorite Stock I'd Hand Down to My Grandkids
Date: 2026-04-30 22:50
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/30/1-reason-apple-is-still-my-favorite-stock-id-hand/?.tsrc=rss

There is one major driving force that should allow Apple to maintain its dominance over the long term.
There are certain stocks that many investors hold on to forever -- or at least hold on to some shares. They may sell some shares to cash out, but they typically come back to add shares on a dip, because the stock displays such dominance in its marketplace that it will keep charging higher over the long run.
One of the most preeminent forever stocks is Apple (AAPL +0.30%). If you look at its returns over time, it has made millionaires out of patient investors.
Image source: Getty Images.
Over the past 10 years, it has increased over 1,000% and averaged an annualized return of 29%. If you go back to 1980 when the computer company went public, it has averaged a 20% annual return per year, for 46 years. If you invested $1,000 at its IPO in December 1980 and reinvested the dividends, you'd have nearly $3 million right now -- and that's without any additional investment. 

Apple stock is one that I think will still be a dominant player for decades to come and one to perhaps pass on to future generations. And there is one reason why -- its brand.
This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating
Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason.
While the powerful Apple ecosystem, or walled garden, as its called, has been a powerful driver for Apple, it is impossible to know how long that will stand up to regulatory and other pressures.
The walled garden is a metaphor for the ecosystem that Apple has created, with the interoperability of its products, the incompatibility of competing products, the ability to lock in users with multiple devices, and the control it gives Apple over its designs and technology, among other benefits.
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name. 
There have been some efforts, particularly in Europe, to lower the garden walls, as it were, and make its apps and technology more interoperable with other non-Apple devices. Can Apple maintain that advantage for years or decades to come? It's impossible to say, but it would be challenging.
What Apple has been able to maintain is fierce brand loyalty, and that has helped it walled garden model thrive.
A recent brand loyalty survey published this month found that 96.4% of iPhone users plan to upgrade and buy another iPhone -- that's up from 91% five years ago. That's 10 percentage points higher than Android loyalty ratings. 
Another recent survey revealed that iPhone had a 92% customer retention rate, which is higher than that of its competitors. Further, its net promoter score (NPS), which measures customer loyalty and satisfaction, is 61, which is higher than the tech industry average and considered excellent. 

There are a lot of factors that go into that brand loyalty, including quality, convenience, and service, among others. So Apple must strive to keep its customers happy, which it has successfully done over the years.
So, ultimately, even if the wall comes down, the Apple brand is still there and will drive customers to Apple whether its for iPhones, its other services, or some new business we haven't even seen yet. And it will keep investors buying and holding Apple stock for years to come.

 


Before you buy stock in Apple, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Apple wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $496,797!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,282,815!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 979% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 200% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 30, 2026. 

Dave Kovaleski has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 18 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 18 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating
Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends