Title: Why Bandwidth Stock Skyrocketed 46% Today (Not a Typo!)
Date: 2026-04-30 20:12
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/30/why-bandwidth-stock-skyrocketed-46-today-not-a-typ/?.tsrc=rss

Bandwidth stock just had its best day in years. Here's why investors are betting big on this under-the-radar AI play.
Shares of Bandwidth (BAND +51.86%) soared on Thursday, following a strong earnings report. The stock was up by 46.6% at 3:24 p.m. ET. The provider of cloud-based communications services hasn't seen these prices since Feb. 2022.
Image source: Getty Images.
In the first quarter of 2026, Bandwidth's revenue rose 20% year over year to $209 million. Adjusted earnings per share increased from $0.36 to $0.38. Operating cash flow swung from negative to positive.
The results exceeded Wall Street's consensus projections. The average analyst targets for revenue and earnings stood at $201.6 million and $0.29 per share, respectively. Management also offered Q2 guidance well ahead of current analyst estimates. A below-consensus full-year revenue target muddied the forward-looking picture, but investors were quick to shrug it off. After all, Bandwidth did raise its 2026 revenue projections -- just not as quickly as the analyst community did.
Overlooking the relatively modest top-line goal got easier when management explained the first quarter's growth drivers. The company sees itself as "the mission-critical foundation for the AI-driven enterprise," with tech titans such as Alphabet and Microsoft on its client list.
This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating
Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason.
"For voice AI to succeed in production, it requires ultra-low latency, carrier-grade reliability, and deep regulatory control capabilities that only a company that owns the underlying network can provide. This is our moat," CEO David Morken said in the earnings call. "It creates durable advantages in economics and performance that are impossible for virtual providers to replicate."
Bandwidth's investors are lapping it up. After Thursday's jump, the stock has gained 189% over the past 52 weeks. The company stands on the threshold of profitable (unadjusted) operations with robust and accelerating revenue growth. Meanwhile, shares are still trading at an affordable 1.5 times trailing sales.
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name. 
This stock might fit the bill if you're looking for an AI idea that's still under most people's radar.

 


Before you buy stock in Bandwidth, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Bandwidth wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $496,797!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,282,815!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 979% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 200% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 30, 2026. 

Anders Bylund has positions in Alphabet. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Alphabet and Microsoft. The Motley Fool recommends Bandwidth. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 55 Metas.
What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating
Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends