Title: Is the Schwab U.S. Dividend Equity ETF the Right Buy for This Market_
Date: 2026-04-30 21:50
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/30/is-schwab-us-dividend-equity-etf-schd-right-buy/?.tsrc=rss

The Schwab U.S. Dividend Equity ETF (SCHD) is enjoying a renaissance in 2026. The good times may not be over.
The Schwab U.S. Dividend Equity ETF (SCHD +1.97%) has rebounded from an ugly 2023-2025 stretch to once again become one of the best-performing dividend ETFs in the marketplace. Its lack of tech exposure during the AI boom caused it to meaningfully underperform the S&P 500. But as the market rotated away from tech in 2026, the fund's more defensive, value-oriented strategy made a huge comeback.
In April, tech stocks soared again, leaving the fund a laggard once more. The remainder of 2026 will likely feature a slate of catalysts, such as the Iran war, inflation, and corporate earnings, that could swing market leadership back and forth several times before all is said and done.
Does that mean now is the time to buy the Schwab U.S. Dividend Equity ETF, or not?
Image source: Getty Images.
Even though U.S. stocks are continuing to set new all-time highs, there are cracks appearing under the surface. The jobs market has slowed to a crawl over the past year, a sign that companies are dialing back spending and growth. Inflation shot much higher in March due to the Iran war. Rising prices tend to be an economic growth killer and likely prevent the Fed from lowering rates to help the economy.
This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating
Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason.
If those economic slowdown trends start to accelerate later this year, stocks could be vulnerable to another correction. In that scenario, more conservative equity funds could outperform the S&P 500, as they did in 2022.
One trend we've continued to see throughout 2026, even when tech was rallying, was a preference for quality stocks. Whether it's the outperformance of dividend ETFs and funds, such as the Invesco S&P 500 Quality ETF, which has beaten the S&P 500 by several percentage points, investors are favoring financially healthy companies over pure speculative ones.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 979%* — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 200% for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now, available when you join Stock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 30, 2026. 
That's a good sign for the Schwab U.S. Dividend Equity ETF.
Data source: Charles Schwab.
Tech stocks may have another rally if the economy avoids recession risk and corporate earnings deliver. But the fact that more than half of the S&P 500 sectors are outperforming the index this year suggests that investors are continuing to look beyond just that sector.
Even if that didn't continue, the Schwab U.S. Dividend Equity ETF's profile of financially healthy companies with long dividend histories is an ideal match for the current environment and almost any long-term portfolio.

 


Before you buy stock in Schwab U.S. Dividend Equity ETF, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Schwab U.S. Dividend Equity ETF wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $496,797!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,282,815!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 979% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 200% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 30, 2026. 

David Dierking has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 35 Amazons.
What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating
Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends