Title: Collapsing Volatility Turbocharges Returns in Carry Trades
Date: 2026-04-24 12:18
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/currencies/articles/collapsing-volatility-turbocharges-returns-across-002007083.html?.tsrc=rss

(Bloomberg) -- DoubleLine Capital and Van Eck Associates Corp. are among investors seeing renewed appeal in a currency strategy that’s revving up as the Middle East ceasefire helps steady markets and reignite risk appetite. Most Read from Bloomberg US Reduces Marijuana Restrictions in Lift to Ailing Industry Meta Tells Staff It Will Cut 10% of Jobs in Push for Efficiency Anthropic’s Mythos Model Is Being Accessed by Unauthorized Users Inside Alex Cooper’s Unwell: Tears, Screaming and Employees Looking for the Exit Trump’s Messaging Blitz Divides Advisers as Iran Talks Waver The carry trade — borrowing where interest rates are low and investing where they’re high — was already thriving as the war sparked a surge in oil prices that boosted commodity currencies such as Brazil’s real and Colombia’s peso. But now it’s getting turbocharged by the relative ebbing of international tensions, which has caused volatility in currencies, bonds and stocks to collapse. That backdrop is giving investors confidence that exchange rates won’t swing abruptly against them, as happened in 2024 when the trade combusted and roiled markets broadly. Banks including Citigroup Inc. and Goldman Sachs Group Inc., which have been recommending various iterations of the strategy for weeks, are sticking with the calls. One common version of the trade — borrowing in the yen to buy a basket comprising the Brazilian real, Colombian peso and Turkish lira — has gained about 12% in 2026, the best annual start in three years. “Carry is back in control,” said Luis Estrada, a strategist at RBC Capital Markets. “Markets have recovered losses too quickly for most investors to participate, so they’re moving from hedging to a yield-seeking regime, while volatility is drifting lower.” The waning market turbulence has energized trades across asset classes. In bonds, wagers that Treasuries will outperform interest-rate swaps — a bet that does well when volatility is low — got a lift from the ceasefire, while the S&P 500 Index set a record high this week. Optimism Abounds “The perception of the war ending is the base case now, even if it may be overly optimistic,” said Anna Wu, a cross-asset strategist at Van Eck. “In particular, South American FX and yields are really strong at the moment thanks to their commodities links, which make them attractive for carry-trade bets.” At RBC, Estrada suggests betting on Brazilian real gains versus the yen and Chile’s peso. Citigroup’s recommendations include Mexico’s peso, the real and the Turkish lira, while Goldman Sachs strategists have been telling clients to wager on an equally weighted basket of currencies — including the lira and Nigerian naira — against the dollar.