Title: Treasuries Slump as Fed Dissents Spur Wagers on 2027 Rate Hike
Date: 2026-04-29 21:14
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/economy/policy/articles/treasuries-slump-fed-dissents-spur-195842246.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
Powell holds what is expected to be his final press conference as chair after the Fed keeps rates steady
Fed holds interest rates steady with no end to Iran war in sight
Elon Musk testified again in the OpenAI trial, describing his behavior at the company and its nonprofit 'halo'
A Senate committee confirmed Kevin Warsh, sending his nomination to be chairman of the Fed to the full Senate
Stocks slipped at the open as investors awaited a Fed decision and Big Tech earnings
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
BMW has long treated the 7 Series as its technological proving ground — where its ambitious ideas first find a home. 
Bank of America's 'sleep like a baby' portfolio is having its best year since 1933
Warsh confirmation set to advance as GOP holdout Tillis backs vote (Bloomberg)
Elon Musk's lawsuit against Sam Altman and OpenAI goes to trial Monday, and the company's future may hang in the balance.
The week ahead sees Jerome Powell's penultimate meeting as Fed chair, and five of the Mag 7 will report earnings.
With gas prices over $4 a gallon, interest in hybrids and EVs appears to be on the rise among prospective car buyers.
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
Trump cancels trip by US negotiators for peace talks with Iran (Financial Times)
The traditional notion of where to move in retirement is getting a shakeup. Here's what to know.
After a post-pandemic bust, home buying is picking up in Austin.
Software's comeback bid is fading as chip stocks smash records
Food prices were already straining Americans’ pocketbooks. The Iran war could make the problem even starker. 
Big Tech's jobs cuts feel like an economic warning
Nvidia leaps to new high, pushing market cap above $5 trillion again
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 jumped to record highs to end an earnings-filled week as Intel topped its 2000 peak
The Department of Justice is dropping its criminal probe of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell.
After an earnings beat, Intel’s stock is blasting through a dot-com-era ceiling
Nasdaq and S&P 500 rise as Intel stock soars, Dow slips amid Hormuz tensions
Meta to buy Graviton chips from Amazon as CPU sales soar
Intel stock soars on earnings beat and strong outlook driven by data center demand
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq retreated as software stocks plunged, while oil surged on Iran war concerns
Meta cuts thousands of jobs; Microsoft reportedly offers buyouts to 7% of workers
US stocks slide as oil rises amid Hormuz standoff, while Tesla slips after earnings
(Bloomberg) -- Treasuries slumped, with two-year yields rising the most on a Federal Reserve decision day since 2022, as traders boosted bets the central bank may need to raise interest rates amid persistent inflation pressures.
Most Read from Bloomberg
North Korea Confirms Suicide Rule for Soldiers Ukraine Captures
UAE Quits OPEC as War Upends Oil Markets and Gulf Tensions Rise
Junior Bankers Sick of Grunt Work Build $2 Billion AI Tool to Do the Job
80 Seconds of Big Tech Earnings Will Decide Stock Market’s Fate
Trump Being ‘Humiliated’ in Iran Talks, German Leader Says
US government debt declined broadly, but short tenors, most sensitive to expectations for Fed policy, led the post-Fed selloff. The losses in Treasuries kicked off earlier in the day as Middle East tensions and the continued blockade of the vital Strait of Hormuz spurred a rally in oil prices, adding to inflation concerns.
The two-year yield climbed about 11 basis points to 3.95%, the biggest jump since January 2022 for a Fed announcement day. At the same time, traders boosted their bets to 50% for a rate increase by April 2027. The 30-year yield, meanwhile, reached 5% for the first time since July, while the dollar climbed.
The Fed held rates steady Wednesday, as expected. However, the decision included a hawkish dissent from several policymakers, who objected to language in the post-meeting statement that suggested the central bank would eventually resume lowering rates, highlighting how the Iran war is complicating the economic outlook.
“The three dissents are a message that FOMC members have strong opinions and are divided in terms of risks to both sides of the dual mandate and the policy response,” said Priya Misra, portfolio manager at JPMorgan Asset Management. The market selloff, “is pricing in a much higher oil price and the somewhat lower bar to hike rates as evident from the dissents.”
To John Briggs, head of US rates strategy at Natixis North America, the surge in front-end yields represented “a recognition” that the continued closure of the Strait of Hormuz, a key passage for oil, will keep energy prices higher than previously hoped.
The moves were exacerbated by “a Fed body that, as a whole, is clearly moving more hawkishly,” he said.
The Fed in its statement noted risks to both sides of its dual mandate and maintained the target range for the federal funds rate.
Four officials voted against the decision, including the three — Cleveland Fed President Beth Hammack, Minneapolis Fed President Neel Kashkari and Dallas Fed President Lorie Logan — who objected to language in the statement. Governor Stephen Miran dissented in favor of a quarter-point rate cut.
“Markets are getting worked up over the dissents wanting to drop the easing bias language, and that was a compromise,” said George Goncalves, head of US macro strategy at MUFG. He said it complicates the prospect of consensus under Kevin Warsh, President Donald Trump’s nominee to be the Fed’s next chair, who on Wednesday won the backing of the Senate Banking Committee.
Long-Bond Losses
For bond investors, the 5% level on the 30-year carries special importance, with some viewing it as a “line in the sand” for the market. While it was breached in 2023 and again in 2025, such moves have failed to last more than a few trading sessions.
Whether similar dip-buying will emerge this time is crucial for the market’s trajectory. A more persistent break above 5% — or an eclipse of the 5.17% yield recorded briefly in 2023 — would herald a trading range not seen in almost two decades.
The 5% level on the 30-year is a “psychological threshold that tends to reignite worries of bond vigilantes and higher interest rates going forward,” said Gennadiy Goldberg, head of US interest rate strategy at TD Securities.
The oil price surge unleashed by Iran war has weighed on bonds globally. It has contributed to higher inflation by driving up the price of gasoline and led to an increase in inflation expectations. Under those conditions, policymakers are seen as unlikely to deliver the rate cuts that traders had fully priced in before the war began.
What Bloomberg strategists say:
“Rates traders have been pricing in a more hawkish path ahead all day as oil prices rose. However, that split vote shows that the board is increasingly aligned with what the market is seeing. Frankly, traders don’t take that easing bias very seriously right now, though that would change quickly if there were a peace deal between the US and Iran.”
—Sebastian Boyd, Macro Strategist. For the full analysis, click here.
Traders had been pricing in more than two reductions by the Fed this year before the conflict escalated, then briefly wagered on a hike as inflation angst ramped up. They’ve recently taken a more neutral approach, holding back on strong bets one way or another.
Interest-rate swaps imply the Fed will remain on hold for the remainder of the year and reflect the chance of a hike in 2027.
“The dissents clearly caught us and the markets by surprise and could potentially set the stage for a shift away from an easing bias at upcoming meetings,” said Subadra Rajappa, head of US research at Societe Generale. “Warsh has his work cut out building consensus especially within this committee of hawks and doves.”
--With assistance from Edward Bolingbroke, Carter Johnson and Elizabeth Stanton.
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
‘I Have Half of MAGA’: The Republican Challenging Trump From Within
Running America’s Second-Busiest Airport in Turbulent Times
A Restaurant That’s Barely Raised Prices Since 1973
Outrage Over Pesticides Is Alienating Some Trump Voters
Why If the War Doesn’t End Soon, Everyone Will Pay
©2026 Bloomberg L.P.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio