Title: 1 Reason I'd Buy Buffett's Final Favorite Stock And Never Sell
Date: 2026-04-29 17:26
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/29/1-reason-id-buy-buffetts-final-favorite-stock-and/?.tsrc=rss

Alphabet could be the ultimate AI stock to buy.
Many investors followed Warren Buffett's stock purchases for Berkshire Hathaway (BRKA 0.15%) (BRKB 0.27%) for fresh investing ideas. Many of its top holdings -- including Apple, American Express, and Coca-Cola -- have been reliable long-term winners that easily withstood recessions and other macro headwinds.
Before stepping down as Berkshire's CEO at the end of 2025, Buffett approved one final major new investment for that portfolio: Alphabet (GOOG +10.00%) (GOOGL +10.06%). That investment was surprising because Buffett had avoided tech stocks for most of his career; he sold many of Berkshire's other top holdings in 2025, and Alphabet still faces macro and regulatory headwinds. However, I also believe it's a compelling long-term buy for one simple reason: AI.
Image source: Getty Images.
Alphabet, the parent company of Google, is one of the few companies that can both own and monetize AI at a global scale. By comparison, many AI companies have promising AI tech but lack clear distribution and monetization strategies. Others have massive distribution capabilities, but they're dependent on the AI algorithms and infrastructure of other companies.
Google doesn't have either problem. It's already a full-stack AI infrastructure company that produces its own chips (TPUs), large language model (Gemini), a cloud platform, and other apps. Its massive ecosystem -- including Google Search, YouTube, Android, and Chrome -- enables it to instantly distribute its new AI features to billions of users worldwide.
This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating
Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason.
Therefore, AI isn't an existential threat to Google's core businesses. Instead, AI refines its search results, improves its targeted ads, and connects more businesses to its cloud infrastructure platform. It's also firmly profitable and generates most of its revenue from its higher-margin advertising business, so it can easily afford to expand its more capital-intensive cloud and AI features. Those strengths give it a much stronger foundation than other AI companies, and should make it a reliable stock to buy and hold as the market expands.
Berkshire purchased 17.8 million shares of Alphabet in the third quarter of 2025, when the stock had an average closing price of $209.06 per share. Today, the stock trades at more than $350.
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name. 
From 2025 to 2028, analysts expect Alphabet's revenue and EPS to grow at CAGRs of 16% and 13%, respectively, as the cloud and AI boom continues. Its stock still looks reasonably valued at 26 times next year's earnings.
While Buffett hasn't publicly commented on Alphabet after Berkshire's big purchase, the tech giant's robust growth, wide moat, and attractive valuation make it comparable to many of the conglomerate's other top holdings. Therefore, it's still a great stock to buy and never sell.

 


Before you buy stock in Alphabet, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Alphabet wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $496,797!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,282,815!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 979% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 200% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 30, 2026. 

American Express is an advertising partner of Motley Fool Money. Leo Sun has positions in Apple and Coca-Cola. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Alphabet, American Express, Apple, and Berkshire Hathaway. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 18 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 18 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating
Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends