Title: TrusTrace and FYUL Partner to Scale Supply Chain Transparency for Global On-Dema
Date: 2026-04-29 14:50
URL: https://wwd.com/sourcing-journal/industry-news/trustrace-fyul-partner-to-scale-supply-chain-transparency-1238933431/?.tsrc=rss


TrusTrace announced a strategic partnership with FYUL, the on-demand merchandise platform that represents Printify, Printful and Snow Commerce, “to build supply chain visibility and compliance infrastructure across its global manufacturing network,” the company said today.

	FYUL is the platform behind on-demand merchandise for many recognized brands such as MTV, NBC, Comedy Central, SpongeBob SquarePants, Coca-Cola and Dunkin’ Donuts.

	Terms of the partnership were not disclosed.





	FYUL takes on-demand commerce to scale via a broad network of suppliers and manufacturing facilities that are worldwide. TrusTrace said as regulatory requirements around supply chain transparency tighten, FYUL is teaming up with TrusTrace “to centralize compliance documentation, map its supplier network and collect the data needed to meet emerging EU regulations.”

	


	Isabella Holmgaard, sustainability director at FYUL, said, “When you’re producing merchandise for brands that are bought and loved by millions of people, the responsibility to get the supply chain right is real.” 

	“TrusTrace replaces hundreds of manual emails with AI-validated data collection, creating a shared platform for information,” Holmgaard said. “As well as allowing us to do what is fundamentally right, this increased visibility keeps us ahead of complex regulations, and significantly accelerates our ability to onboard clients who demand the highest standards of transparency.”

TrusTrace said the platform will support FYUL across three areas that include supply chain mapping and risk assessment, certificate collection and management and compliance readiness. Regarding the latter, this means collecting the data points and documentation that is required for EUDR (EU Deforestation Regulation) and DPP (Digital Product Passport) compliance, with results reportable to brand partners and regulators.

	


	Shameek Ghosh, chief executive officer and co-founder of TrusTrace, said FYUL “has built something genuinely difficult, a platform that makes on-demand manufacturing work at scale for some of the world’s most recognized brands.”

	Ghosh said the partnership “is about making sure the supply chain data and transparency behind every product keeps pace with where regulations and brand partner expectations are heading. We’re proud to be the infrastructure powering that next step.”
Receive Our Daily Newsletter & Special Offers
Receive Our Daily Newsletter & Special Offers

				April 30, 2026			

				From executive shakeups to “Agentic Ready” payments, the industry’s biggest players are pivoting to meet the next era of intelligent computing.			

				April 30, 2026			

				Counterfeits are getting faster, closer to demand and more embedded across categories, Entrupy’s annual State of the Fake report revealed.			

				April 29, 2026			

				The animal rights advocacy group said that it has video evidence of workers mistreating sheep and lambs.			
WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2026 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Move the toggle to the left (grey color) and click “Confirm My Choices” to indicate that you do not want us to sell or share your personal information as described above and that you want us to limit the use of your sensitive personal information to only those purposes permitted by California law. You must indicate your choice on each computer/browser you use to access our services and fill out the opt out form above for non-cookie-based data. If you clear your cookies or your browser is set to do so, you must opt out using the toggle again.
