Title
The world’s 500 richest people made more than a quarter trillion yesterday as volatile markets react to fragile Iran war ceasefire

Date
2026-04-09 21:15

URL
https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/world-500-richest-people-made-211541186.html?.tsrc=rss

Content
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now
Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation.
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian.
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
Wall Street traders saw a huge surge yesterday, and the world’s wealthiest billionaires had their best day in nearly a year, after President Donald Trump took back his threat that“a whole civilization will die tonight”on Tuesday, quelling traders’ fears.
The world’s 500 richest people made $265 billion yesterday, according to theBloombergBillionaires Index. With theDowJones Industrial Average jumping 2.85% and the S&P 500 soaring by 2.51%, it was the second-largest single-day profit since the index was created in 2012.
MetaCEO Mark Zuckerberg made the most gains and added $12.8 billion to his personal net worth as Meta shares—of which Zuckerberg owns about 13%—rose 6.5%. Luxury goods billionaire Bernard Arnault had the second-highest gains with $9.89 billion.
The largest gain for the world’s 500 wealthiest people was just a year ago tomorrow, on April 10.  Last year on this day,Trump pausedhis planned “Liberation Day” tariffs, and the subsequent 24 hours of trading added a record $304 billion to the top 500 wealthiest’s net worths. In comparison, this Wednesday saw 61 people on the index grow their wealth by more than $1 billion.
The rally won’t offset that the 500 wealthiest billionaires are still at a collective loss of $38.8 billion year-to-date. The world’s richest man Elon Musk alone lost about $3 billion on Wednesday.
That growth may not last forever. Both the Dow and and S&P 500 briefly dipped this morning before making modest gains as reports of a shaky ceasefire dominated headlines. Crude oil climbed back up to $100 per barrel on Thursday morning, as doubts grow over how the ceasefire will hold. The current price is far from its peak of $118.35 since the war began, but much higher from its $70 cost before the war.
After an eleventh-hour ceasefire deal between the U.S., Israel and Iran was reached on Tuesday, just before Trump’s self-imposed 8 p.m. deadline that night, a ceasefire agreement sent markets soaring. Then Israel heavily bombarded what it considered Hezbollah strongholds in Lebanon on Wednesday, killing more than 200 people. Iran, which said it believed the ceasefire included Lebanon, claimed Israel had violated the agreement and thus closed the Strait of Hormuz to non-approved ships in response to the attacks.
On Thursday as talks continue, Trump toldNBC Newsthat he asked Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to be “a little more low-key” in operations in Lebanon.
This story was originally featured onFortune.com
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
