Title
Meta expands CoreWeave partnership with new $21B AI cloud deal

Date
2026-04-09 19:40

URL
https://finance.yahoo.com/video/meta-expands-coreweave-partnership-with-new-21b-ai-cloud-deal-194036393.html?.tsrc=rss

Content
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now
Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation.
Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch
Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks
Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire
US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky
Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold
The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know.
Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting
The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire
US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets
US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic
Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds
Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions
High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire
Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension
Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others
Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around.
US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms
US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says
Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why.
Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal
US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks
JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy
'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict
What if I can’t pay my taxes? 5 ways to tackle your bill.
The US labor market right now can be defined by one word: Whiplash
The Trump administration has signaled it will offer broad tariff refunds. That could mean millions for companies.
Inflation readings, oil volatility, and airline earnings: What to watch this week
Britain's billion-dollar bet on a hypercar is "a genuinely incredible machine to drive," writes senior reporter Pras Subramanian.
Cocoa prices are falling — but not in time for Easter (CNN Business)
7 things to know about Schwab's new brokerage account for teenagers
The war in Iran shows no signs of slowing down, and its damage may be felt for years to come
The best markets for first-time homebuyers are increasingly in these two regions of the US
The company's gravitational pull has the potential to elevate Elon Musk as a government partner, Wall Street fixture, and tech entrepreneur.
US judge upholds block of subpoenas in criminal investigation of Jay Powell (Financial Times)
Hyundai's Boulder concept previews the automaker's truck future, built in America
What we've learned in a year since 'Liberation Day'
Americans nearing retirement plan to take Social Security 'as soon as eligible'
March jobs report: US economy adds 178,000 jobs, unemployment rate falls to 4.3% in surprise turnaround
The March jobs report will show a fuller picture of the state of the job market, just as the Iran war began to weigh on the global economy.
Jet fuel prices are up 100%, oil prices keep surging, and airlines are paying the price
Microsoft is building its own high-powered AI models, a sign that it is looking to wean itself from OpenAI
Stocks shook off early losses, oil held on to gains as markets assessed a potential easing in the Strait of Hormuz
Mortgage rates rose above 6% for the 5th straight week
Stocks spiked after Iran announced it's working with Oman on a Strait of Hormuz traffic protocol
US stocks fall at the open while oil surges after Trump says the war in Iran is not yet over
Meta Platforms (META) is doubling down on its partnership with CoreWeave (CRWV) through a new $21 billion deal to better leverage CoreWeave's AI cloud platform for scale. Meta also released itsnew Muse Spark AI modelearlier this week.
Yahoo Finance Tech Editor Dan Howley breaks down the headlines.
Core Weave. So this is the latest deal extends, uh, the deal through December of 32, 2032 and the last agreement was for 14 billion in September. This is fresh 21 billion dollars. So the partnership deepens here.
Yeah, I mean, this is proof that Meta really needs to get as much capacity as they can and they're doing this as fast as they can. Obviously with this big deal, now, an addition to their existing deal. They're now doing this $21 billion deal. Uh, they also by the way, uh have announced previously deals with uh Nvidia, with AMD. That was uh what was it last year, I think or or towards the when when uh at some point. I can't recall now off the top of my head. Uh, but they also said that they're working on their own chips. So they had previously announced that they're working on four AI chips. One is the MTIA 400, which they said at the time, will be uh uh uh price to uh performance ratio, uh, in like a a higher end.
So they're saying that as far as war performance goes, it will be able to go up against, you know, Blackwell chips. They didn't say that exactly, but, you know, there's only certain commercially available chips around right now. That's their own internal option. So it's really all about that scale that they're trying to build out to try to push their AI even further.
And uh speaking of Meta here, they just launched their muse Spark AI model as part of the AI turnaround. What are the details there?
Yeah, so this is basically like a, I would say, uh their kind of entry into into the space, uh starting fresh essentially when it comes to AI. This is going to roll out across uh Facebook, uh the meta AI, eventually its hardware as well. Uh but right now it's in the meta AI app. And basically what they're they're positioning this as as not a world beating app. It's it's a uh they're just as I said, they're they're a kind of reset, but it does go up against some of the the Open AI models, some of the anthropic models, uh and beats them in some cases.
And Maybe consumer cases because that's what they're going after. Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, that's what they're going after for sure. And they talk about shopping in particular and how uh you'll be able to use sub agents. So if you ask, all right, help me plan a trip to Orlando or to Florida. What's better, Orlando or Miami for a family? And then it'll run through all the different things.
And take a picture of a grocery shelf and you say, okay, what has the most protein here?
Exactly, exactly. And since everybody's on a protein kick now, that's, yeah, I guess. Dunkin Donuts protein shakes, whatever. Um, and so that's really where they're going. And it's interesting just to see this turnaround starting to pay off after, I mean, look, they're supposed to launch their llama 4 behemoth, I think last April. got delayed, delayed, delayed, delayed. And now they have this this kind of momentum going their way. So and obviously you saw the the market reaction to that was very positive.
Yes, it was.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
