Title: Halliburton, Petronas, Valaris sign SCA for Suriname offshore assets
Date: 2026-04-07 09:04
URL: https://www.offshore-technology.com/news/halliburton-petronas-valaris-sca-suriname-offshore/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
The companies are teaming up from the outset to stay aligned from initial planning through project delivery.
Halliburton, Petronas Suriname Exploration & Production and Valaris have signed a strategic collaboration agreement (SCA) to develop Suriname’s offshore assets.
Valaris will participate in this initiative via its wholly owned subsidiary Ensco UK Drilling.

						Combine business intelligence and editorial excellence to reach engaged professionals across 36 leading media platforms.
					

							Find out more 
The Suriname assets are situated within the Guyana-Suriname Basin, an area known for exploration and ongoing development activities, providing long-term prospects for operators and service providers.
The companies are partnering from the earliest stages of development to stay closely aligned from initial planning through project delivery.
This joint approach is designed to strengthen project preparedness, enhance execution results and generate sustainable long-term value.
Valaris president and CEO Anton Dibowitz said: “This agreement reflects our strong track record of delivering operational excellence, the capabilities of our high-specification fleet, and our ability to collaborate closely with our customers and partners.
“We are pleased to embark on this strategic initiative and look forward to delivering safe and efficient operations while creating long-term value for all stakeholders.”
The collaboration integrates Petronas’ expertise in deep basin projects, Valaris’ offshore drilling capabilities and Halliburton’s technological prowess to optimise the Suriname development.
By linking subsurface evaluation with field development planning and digital well construction, the parties aim to create visibility and efficiency at each project stage, from conception to execution.
Halliburton chief operating officer Shannon Slocum said: “This collaboration reflects Petronas Suriname’s confidence in our early engagement approach and the ability to establish execution readiness from the outset.
“Our integration of subsurface insight with well construction expertise strengthens alignment throughout the development life cycle and reinforces consistent, high-quality execution with Petronas Suriname and Valaris.”
In a related development, Valaris revealed that it has secured an extension for the drill-ship VALARIS DS-4, working offshore with Petrobras in Brazil, for an additional 1,064 days.
This extension is due to begin in November 2027, immediately following the current programme, adding around $447m (£337.76m) to the contract backlog.
Alongside this extension, the day rate for the current agreement has been revised, which will decrease the contract backlog by roughly $21m from 1 April 2026 until November 2027.
Earlier this month, Halliburton acquired Norwegian tech company Sekal from Sumitomo to bolster its drilling automation capabilities. The deal’s financial details were not made public.


                Experience unmatched clarity with a single platform that combines unique data, AI, and human expertise.
            


                    Find out more
                    








Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights.
Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. 












                                                                                                                        Offshore Technology Focus : Offshore Technology Focus (monthly)                                                                                                                        








                                                                                                                                Thematic Take (monthly)                                                                                                                        







Visit our Privacy Policy for more information about our services, how we may use, process and share your personal data, including information on your rights in respect of your personal data and how you can unsubscribe from future marketing communications. Our services are intended for corporate subscribers and you warrant that the email address submitted is your corporate email address. 


View all newsletters from across the GlobalData Media network.

		Oil and gas news, data and in-depth articles on offshore projects, exploration and decommissioning and the trends driving technology and innovation

				Powered by
				

© GlobalData Plc 2026
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

